# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Basic setup What is a Strategy Builder?
Strategy Builder / Basic setup: What is a Strategy Builder?
Strategy Builder / Basic setup:  Strategy Builder is a perfect way to automate trading using a specific algorithm defined by simple rules based on comparing the values of one indicator with another, among which there is a huge number of technical indicators.     Strategies can be immediately backtested on different instruments when changing certain parameters. Each backtest takes no more than 1 - 2 seconds on average. The profit and drawdown result goes back up to 20 years depending on the tested interval.     Strategies run on the server and there is no need to keep the computer on, unlike other trading systems.     One of the unique feature of a strategy in StocksTrader terminal is to close all the strategy deals at certain profit or loss result.     And most important, it's a simple tool for Martingale strategy lovers. Now it is extremely easy to specify the market entry range, as well as proportionally increased volume for the subsequent deal.     The StrategyBuilder can be found in the StocksTrader web terminal only, not in the app.     
&#33000209532|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Basic setup How to create strategy and add description
Strategy Builder / Basic setup: How to create strategy and add description
Strategy Builder / Basic setup:  Click on Strategies tab in account summary. Go to My strategies and click Add new strategy below the list of existing strategies.           Rename your new strategy and click Continue.        The next step is to assign a description to the strategy. Every strategy supports descriptions in different languages. Just select your language and write a description about your strategy functionality. The main reason description was added is to allow you to keep track of your strategies via notes.            For more detailed information you can see our tutorial "How to create a trading robot". 
&#33000098413|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Basic setup Rename, remove, duplicate a strategy
Strategy Builder / Basic setup: Rename, remove, duplicate a strategy
Strategy Builder / Basic setup:  Go to My strategies and while hovering the mouse over the strategy name you should see three vertical dots appear on the left side of the strategy name. Click on the dots to view the following options:          Rename: Any strategy can be renamed at any time.  Duplicate: A new strategy with the same name and rules will be created on the server. The description of initial strategy will not copied to the duplicated strategy.  Description: Edit strategy description in appropriate language.  Delete: The strategy will be completely removed from the server along with descriptions in all languages. A running strategy can not be removed.    
&#33000098444|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Basic setup Restrictions
Strategy Builder / Basic setup: Restrictions
Strategy Builder / Basic setup:  As a protection mechanism from the data stream system overloading, no more than 40 orders can be generated in 10 seconds by one instance. In the case of surplus orders for the specific indicator, the strategy will automatically stop working.    
&#33000209733|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Basic setup Save, discard changes
Strategy Builder / Basic setup: Save, discard changes
Strategy Builder / Basic setup:  Editor tab has two buttons in the right bottom corner: Discard and Save changes.     By editing a strategy you are able to customize rules, options, values and test them with new settings. After Saving changes, new settings will be applied to the strategy and to all it`s running instances (if this strategy was enabled and currently running for one or more instruments).     As a result after saving changes to a strategy the new settings will affect all running instances of this strategy!     To restore strategy settings from the server click Discard. 
&#33000111399|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Basic setup Instrument and timeframe selection for current strategy
Strategy Builder / Basic setup: Instrument and timeframe selection for current strategy
Strategy Builder / Basic setup:  Editing the strategy, to change the instrument and time-frame for tested strategy must proceed to change your chart or select another instrument from your watch-list.    
&#33000209731|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Strategy rules Add rules to a new strategy
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules: Add rules to a new strategy
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules:  After a new strategy has been created and the name with description have been assigned you can start adding trading rules. These define how you want the strategy to enter and exit the market.     Click on the strategy name, then click Open Strategy. You will be redirected to strategy details and there you should click on the Editor tab on the top right corner of the strategy window.                 
&#33000098605|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Strategy rules Editor and setting rules
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules: Editor and setting rules
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules:  It is very easy to set rules for opening and closing deals. Select the Editor tab on the top right corner of your window and expand the relevant area for Buy or Sell rules. Buy entering rules are marked blue, Sell entering rules are marked red. Exit rules are marked green and are used for both sides buy and sell deals.          A rule is a condition based on different indicators. Every time the price changes it can be true or false. Find out more about indicators. You can create a variety of rules and connect them with logical operators: AND, OR.     In case of the "AND" operator both rules should be true to generate entry/exit signal.  In case of "OR" operator at least one rule should be true to generate entry/exit signal.     A rule always compares one value with the other. The value can be a result of calculated technical indicator or just a number (in case the indicator is Value). You can use basic math operations with two values and compare the result with another value.     Compare options:        < (less): True if the first value less than the second value  > (larger): True if the first value larger than the second value  = (equal): True if the first value equal to the second value  Cross > (above): True only once after the first value becomes lager than the second value  Cross < (below): True only once after the first value becomes less than the second value   Math options:        + (addition): True, when adding the first and second values  - (subtraction): True, when subtracting the second value from the first  * (multiplication): True, when multiplying the first and second values  / (division): True, when dividing the first value by the second  
&#33000111365|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Strategy rules Strategy settings
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules: Strategy settings
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules:  For strategy additional settings click on the SETTINGS button to the right of the HELP button in the strategy editor. You can find "Trade at next bar" option in the strategy options popup window.       For a better understanding of this option a brief explanation is required on how data is processed in the backtest and how to create a running strategy.    Backtests operate with high, low, open, close of a bar and ignores any price fluctuations within the bar, i.e. all trades are processed at the last price of the bar.     In a running strategy data is processed with every tick and under certain conditions this result in the following situations:   Multiple trades within one bar;  Discrepancy between backtest and running strategy.   Enabled "Trade at next bar" option ignores tick data within the current bar. Data runs against strategy rules at the next bar open moment based on the close price of the previous bar.        
&#33000213055|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Strategy rules Max open deals and Multiplicator
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules: Max open deals and Multiplicator
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules:  Instance is a running strategy enabled for an instrument/timeframe. The Running Strategies tab indicates the complete list of instances.     Max Open Deals: Maximum number of open deals the strategy can open in one running instance.     Multiplicator: The following formula applied to calculate next deal volume:          Multiplictor is applied to Buy and Sell open deals separately.     Example: Initial Order Volume = 10K, Multiplicator = 2       If the initial order volume is changed then next deal volume is calculated based on the new order volume, there is no volume recalculation for deals opened before.     Both strategy parameters: Max Open Deals and Multiplicator mostly used in combination for so-called Martingale strategies. 
&#33000111387|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Strategy rules Close at Stop Loss / Close at Take Profit / Close if Lifetime
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules: Close at Stop Loss / Close at Take Profit / Close if Lifetime
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules:  Apart from strategy exit rules to close open deals there are also standard options available like Stop Loss, Take Profit and the ability to close a deal after certain period of time.           Stop Loss: Set up in ticks or % to a deal open price. With every new deal of a strategy the Stop Loss will be set accordingly.  Take Profit: Set up in ticks or % to a deal open price. With every new deal of a strategy the Take Profit will be set accordingly.  Close if Lifetime: A strategy open deal will be closed after predefined number of bars.   Example:     Strategy opens a BUY deal in EURUSD at 1.14236. Stop Loss was set 0.00100 and Take Profit was set 0.00100.  So the new deal will have a Stop Loss at 1.14236 – 0.00100 = 1.14136 and Take Profit at 1.14236 + 0.00100 = 1.14336 
&#33000111388|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Strategy rules Enter every N ticks above/below last entry
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules: Enter every N ticks above/below last entry
Strategy Builder / Strategy rules:  If this option is enabled, the next deal will open N ticks above or below last deal open price (entering conditions).  The first deal should be opened by strategy rules then the rules will be ignored until all open deals with Buy or Sell direction are closed. If the strategy has no rules for the appropriate direction then a first deal will be open upon strategy activation (enabling strategy to an instrument/time-frame). This option is commonly used in Martingale strategies for opening deals with equal distance on a certain trigger.     Backtest simulation for this option is different compared to other indicators.  At the next bar after the first deal is open backtest creates all available entries from high to low satisfying entering conditions.          Example 1:     Last open deal price = 100.95 and entering conditions: buy every 1.00 ticks below last entry.  Backtest will execute entries in the price range of next bar open and low prices.  Next bar open = 100.00, next bar low = 97.  Then next entries will be at 100.00, 99.00, 98.00, 97.00     Example 2:     Last open deal price = 100.95 and entering conditions: buy every 1.00 ticks above last entry.  Backtest will execute entries in the price range of next bar open and high  Next bar open = 100.00, next bar high = 100.80.  No new entries will be initiated for this bar. 
&#33000111389|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Testing strategies Overview and back-testing
Strategy Builder / Testing strategies: Overview and back-testing
Strategy Builder / Testing strategies:  The first tab after opening a strategy is the Strategy Overview Window. This window demonstrates back-testing results for the applied strategy using the specified instrument and time frame selected on the active chart.     Back-testing is done against bars data: high, low, open, close, volume for the related instruments and time frames used for testing. However ignores the price movement within each bar. The back-testing interval differs depending on the time-frame tested. For example on a 1 min bar it tests back to 30 days, on the daily bars it tests back to 10 years. We are working hard to increase tested intervals for all time-frames.          In addition to the performance charts there are common back-testing statistic parameters:   Net profit: Realized and Unrealized profit of all trades executed by the strategy during tested period including account commission settings  Total deals: Total number of deals executed by the strategy during tested period.  % profitable: % of profitable deals  Profit factor: Sum of all positive trades divided by sum of all negative trades.  Max draw-down: Maximum available loss of the strategy during tested period.  Av. per deal: Average profit per one trade.   Button EXPORT CSV allows to export backtest results into CSV file.      To change the instrument and time-frame for tested strategy must proceed to change your chart or select another instrument from your watch-list.       
&#33000102903|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Testing strategies Advanced backtest options
Strategy Builder / Testing strategies: Advanced backtest options
Strategy Builder / Testing strategies:  For advanced back-testing options click on the gear icon on the left of the Backtest button on the top right corner of your window.             Order volume: Initial order volume used to execute trades in Backtest. Volume can change depending on Multiplicator parameter.     Currency: Available currencies for Backtest. All results in Overview and Trades will be indicated in selected currency.     Take profit: If net profit of all open deals of the strategy goes higher Take profit value, all open deals will be closed automatically.     Stop Loss: If net profit of all open deals of the strategy goes lower Stop loss value, all open deals will be closed automatically.     Apply average spread: applies spread value in ticks to every trade in backtest according to the following formula:  a. For trades with Buy direction: Open price = Open price + Average spread  b. For trades with Buy direction: Close price = Close price + Average spread     Apply account commission: If this option is on net profit in Backtest it will be adjusted with commission according to account commission settings.     Advanced options will be applied to all subsequent tests after being set. 
&#33000103052|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Testing strategies Some backtest assumptions
Strategy Builder / Testing strategies: Some backtest assumptions
Strategy Builder / Testing strategies:  Because backtest operates with open, high, low, close and ignores price movement within the bar we created some assumptions to execute the backtest faster and more accurately.     1. All indicators open and close trades in backtest at last price of a bar satisfying entry or exit rules except for the following:   Enter every N ticks above/below last entry.  Exit at Stop Loss: Close trade at Stop Loss price  Exit at Take Profit: Close trade at Take Profit price   2. If there are Stop Loss and Take profit for a trade to be executed within the same bar then Stop Loss is execution is primary.    
&#33000103363|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Running strategies List of running strategies
Strategy Builder / Running strategies: List of running strategies
Strategy Builder / Running strategies:  To see the list of running strategies go to Strategies and then proceed to the Running Strategies tab. This tab indicates the list of instances.     Instance is a running strategy enabled for an instrument/time-frame. Instance has a unique combination of strategy, instrument and time-frame. It is not possible to enable a strategy with the same combination of instances, which is already running on the server for this account.    Running strategy details:    Start time: The time when this instance was created (strategy was enabled for the instrument - time-frame).  Realised P/L: Net result in all strategies closed trades today and previous days since the instance was started.  Unrealised P/L: Net result in all strategies open deals.     
&#33000111402|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Running strategies Change strategy status: start, stop, close only
Strategy Builder / Running strategies: Change strategy status: start, stop, close only
Strategy Builder / Running strategies:  Enable strategy:  To enable a strategy open the specific strategy and click the Enable button. Make sure that you are activating the strategy for the desired instrument and time-frame. You can review this on the header of the popup window.          Set the following parameters and click Activate:   Order volume (required),  Stop Loss (optional),  Take Profit (optional).   Change strategy status:  You can instantly change the strategy status by choosing the new status from the drop-down list of particular strategy in the running strategies list.  Started - strategy opens and close deals  Stopped - strategy doesn't open new deals and doesn't close open deals.  Close only - strategy only closes it`s open deals.     Cancel:  To remove a running strategy click the cross icon in the running strategies list.   Removing the strategy, the user can choose to close all strategy open deals or not.         
&#33000111401|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Running strategies Edit Order Volume, Stop Loss and Take Profit for running strategy
Strategy Builder / Running strategies: Edit Order Volume, Stop Loss and Take Profit for running strategy
Strategy Builder / Running strategies:  Go to Running Strategies tab and select the row of the specific running strategy from the list. Click on the 3 horizontal dots which represent the Options button. A dialog window will appear to edit the strategies Take Profit, Stop Loss and Order Volume.           Order volume: Editing order volume will only affect the strategy instance you are editing, not other instances of this strategy. So the next deal will open with the new applied volume multiplied by Multiplicator.   For equity market instruments (Stocks, ETFs), the value of the "Order Volume" is indicated in units.For example: 100 = 100 shares.  For indexes, the value of the "Order Volume" is indicated in units.For example: 10 = 10 contracts.  For currency pairs, the value of the "Order Volume" is indicated in units of the base currency.For example: 10,000 units of base currency = 0.1 lot.   Example:  Initial Order volume = 10k, Multiplicator = 2. Strategy opened for 2 deals on EURUSD with volume 10k and 20k. If we change Order volume to 20k then next open deal volume will be 80k, the 4-th deal will have 160k volume          Remember: If the initial order volume is changed then next the deal volume is calculated based on the new order volume, there is no volume recalculation for deals opened before.     Stop Loss: By setting Stop Loss you can limit your loss for each running strategy instance. The Stop Loss is set in money (account currency) and always as a negative value. When Unrealised P/L of the instance is less or equal to Stop Loss value all strategy open deals will be closed and Unrealised P/L becomes Realised P/L. Strategy instance continue running according to strategy rules.     Take Profit: By setting Take Profit you can maximize your profit for each running strategy instance. The Take Profit is set in money (account currency) and always is a positive value. When Unrealized P/L of the instance is larger or equal to Take Profit value all strategy open deals will be closed and Unrealized P/L becomes Realized P/L. Strategy instance continue running according to strategy rules.    
&#33000111408|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Indicators Open / High / Low / Close / Volume / Time
Strategy Builder / Indicators: Open / High / Low / Close / Volume / Time
Strategy Builder / Indicators:  This indicator doesn’t have any parameters and stands for current bar open price, high price, low price, close price and volume.     Backtest measures the appropriate value for each bar.                 
&#33000111413|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Indicators Highest and Lowest
Strategy Builder / Indicators: Highest and Lowest
Strategy Builder / Indicators:  This indicator returns highest or lowest value for N last bars applied to open price, close price, high price, low price and etc.     That is, this function allows you to define an arbitrary array of chart data with the highest or lowest value for further comparison with another value or indicator in the strategy editor.     Example:  Highest, Interval -12, Close – the maximum closing value (Close) of the last 12 bars is determined.          Parameters   Interval: N last bars  Apply: open price, close price, high price, low price, etc.     
&#33000111414|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Indicators Value
Strategy Builder / Indicators: Value
Strategy Builder / Indicators:  This indicator stands for constant value. For example it can be used to compare with an indicator value.               Parameters  Value: any number    
&#33000111415|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Indicators Time
Strategy Builder / Indicators: Time
Strategy Builder / Indicators:  This indicator limits trading operations to certain time therefore it has only three available comparisons:   < Less  > Larger  = Equal              The time, date and month options allow the user to set the following trading rules:   Time - trading operations limited based on daily time;  Day of the week - trading operations limited based on day of the week;  Month - trading operations limited based on month.        The Time indicator can be used along side or together with other strategy rules.     Important note: this indicator can not be used in comparison with other indicators. 
&#33000213210|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Technical indicators in strategies
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Technical indicators in strategies
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:     Indicators     Go to Editor tab on the top right corner of the strategy window and click "Add rule" and then click on any Indicator combo box. A popup will come up with all available indicators.  Select one of the category for the technical indicators: Trend, Oscillators, Volumes, Volatility. Then select the indicator you wish to apply. Most of indicators in the list are components of one technical indicator that are used on the chart. That’s because technical indicators have more than one value and strategy rules can compare only one value with the other.        Parameters     To calculate the indicator`s value we need to know technical indicator parameters. These are the same parameters used to customize technical indicators on the financial chart.     Calculation of the indicator value in strategies on different bars     A technical indicator value can be calculated not only for the current bar but for any bar in the past as well. Use "Bars" option to make appropriate calculation. For example, if Bars = 0 then a technical indicator value will be calculated for the current bar, if Bars = 1 – for the previous bar and so on. This way you can compare values of an indicator with the same parameters on different bars.     Example:     Lets check this option with Moving Average (SMA). We compare the same indicator with the same parameters on different bars. In the first SMA option Bars set to 10; in the second SMA option Bars set to 0. This means we compare indicator value on the current bar (Bars = 0) with indicator value 10 bars ago (Bars 10)          To edit Bars option click on Parameters and set Bars option.      
&#33000111409|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Average directional index (ADX)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Average directional index (ADX)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     The Average directional index (ADX) is an indicator used in technical analysis as an objective value for the strength of a trend. ADX is non-directional, so it quantifies a trend's strength regardless of whether it is up or down. It is usually plotted in a chart window along with two lines known as the DMI (Directional Movement Indicators).  Analysis of ADX is a method of evaluating trends and can help traders choose the strongest trends.     There are two forms of stock analysis: fundamental and technical. Fundamental analysis selects stocks based on business performance, whereas technical analysis selects stocks based on price movement. When technicians look for patterns over time to confirm a continuation or trend reversal, they often use the average directional index as an indicator. Developed by Welles Wilder for use with commodities and daily prices, the indicator is also used for stock selection. Wilder used the plus directional movement (+DM) and the minus direction movement (-DM) to determine the ADX.     To switch on ADX in the terminal, click on "Technical indicators" - "Trend" - "ADX".            Key takeaways   Designed by Welles Wilder for commodity daily charts, but can be used in other markets or other timeframes.  The price is moving up when +DI is above -DI, and the price is moving down when -DI is above +DI.  Crosses between +DI and -DI are potential trading signals as bears or bulls gain the upper hand.  The trend has strength when ADX is above 25. The trend is weak or the price is trendless when ADX is below 20, according to Wilder.  Non-trending doesn't mean the price isn't moving. It may not be, but the price could also be making a trend change or is too volatile for a clear direction to be present.      Description     Traders start by using the ADX to determine if there is a trend. A strong trend is occurring when the ADX is over 25; likewise, there is no trend when the ADX falls below 20. When the +DI line is greater than the -DI line, the bulls have the directional edge. However, when the -DI line is above the +DI line, the bears have the directional edge. As with all technical trends, traders use several indicators to confirm a movement. One option is to sell when -DI is up and the major trend is down. Another option is to buy when +DI is higher than -DI, but only when the larger trend is also moving up. In other words, it is possible to use the ADX as a way to time an entry on a market that is already confirmed to be trading in a particular direction. To find out more about this indicator and it's trading signals click here.     Settings in the chart     To find the ADX Settings on the chart, click on "Remove objects" and then select "ADX".             Settings in Strategies     To find the ADX settings in Strategies, choose "Indicator" - "Trend" -  "ADX" - "Parameters".       Since the Average Directional Index (ADX) indicator consists of three separate components (ADX, DI+, DI-) each of which has its own parameters and values, in Strategy Builder the Average Directional Index (ADX) is also divided into three indicators:   ADX  DI+  DI-   All indicators can be used either together or separately with other indicators.    
&#33000209499|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Average True Range
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Average True Range
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Developed by J. Welles Wilder, the Average True Range (ATR) is an indicator that measures volatility. As with most of his indicators, Wilder designed ATR with commodities and daily prices in mind. Commodities are frequently more volatile than stocks. They were are often subject to gaps and limit moves, which occur when a commodity opens up or down its maximum allowed move for the session. A volatility formula based only on the high-low range would fail to capture volatility from gap or limit moves. Wilder created Average True Range to capture this “missing” volatility. It is important to remember that ATR does not provide an indication of price direction, just volatility.     Wilder features ATR in his 1978 book, New Concepts in Technical Trading Systems. This book also includes the Parabolic SAR, RSI and the Directional Movement Concept (ADX). Despite being developed before the computer age, Wilder's indicators have stood the test of time and remain extremely popular.     To switch on ATR in the terminal, click on "Technical indicators" - "Volatility" - "Average True Range".             Description     Wilder started with a concept called True Range (TR), which is defined as the greatest of the following:   Method 1: Current High less the current Low  Method 2: Current High less the previous Close (absolute value)  Method 3: Current Low less the previous Close (absolute value)   Absolute values are used to ensure positive numbers. After all, Wilder was interested in measuring the distance between two points, not the direction. If the current period's high is above the prior period's high and the low is below the prior period's low, then the current period's high-low range will be used as the True Range. This is an outside day that would use Method 1 to calculate the TR. This is pretty straightforward. Methods 2 and 3 are used when there is a gap or an inside day. A gap occurs when the previous close is greater than the current high (signaling a potential gap down or limit move) or the previous close is lower than the current low (signaling a potential gap up or limit move). The image below shows examples of when methods 2 and 3 are appropriate.  To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart     To find the ATR Settings on the chart, click on "Remove objects" and then select "ATR".                Settings in Strategies     To find the ATR settings in Strategies, choose "Indicator" - "Volatility" -  "Average True Range" - "Parameters".          Average True Range can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder.    
&#33000210257|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Bears & Bull Power
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Bears & Bull Power
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Dr. Elder cleverly named his first indicator "Elder-ray" by virtue of its function, which is figuratively similar to that of x-rays. Developed in 1989, the Elder-Ray helps determine the strength of competing groups of bulls and bears by gazing under the surface of the markets for data that may not immediately be ascertainable at a mere superficial glance at prices. Here we take a look at this indicator.            KEY TAKEAWAYS   Alexander Elder created the Elder-ray indicator, which gets its name from the fact that it is designed to see through the market like an X-ray machine.  Elder-ray indicator is plotted as two separate histograms at the bottom of a chart and computed as an exponential moving average minus the high and low of the day.  The slope of the EMA gives insight into the recent trend: up or down.  Divergences, such as when prices reach new highs but bull power does not, could send an early signal that a trend reversal is at hand.      Description  Understanding the Elder-ray is inextricably linked to an understanding of oscillators, which are figures used to find turning points in the markets. Oscillators are seen to be indicative of the emotional extremes of both bulls and bears. These extremes are fleeting and unsustainable levels of optimism or pessimism that the vast majority of market participants are exhibiting. Knowing that these extreme conditions never last long, professional traders often fare better than average investors in betting against such extremes. When the market rises and the bulls are greediest, the pros sell short. When the market is at its lowest and fear runs rampant, the pros jump in to buy.  To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.     Settings in the chart             Settings in Strategies       Since the Bears & Bull Power indicator consists of two separate components (Bear power, Bull power) each of which has its own parameters and values, in Strategy Builder the Bears & Bull Power is also divided into two indicators:   Bear power  Bull power   All indicators can be used either together or separately with other indicators. 
&#33000209498|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Bollinger Bands
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Bollinger Bands
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Developed by John Bollinger, Bollinger Bands® are volatility bands placed above and below a moving average. Volatility is based on the standard deviation, which changes as volatility increases and decreases. The bands automatically widen when volatility increases and narrow when volatility decreases. This dynamic nature of Bollinger Bands also means they can be used on different securities with the standard settings. For signals, Bollinger Bands can be used to identify M-Tops and W-Bottoms or to determine the strength of the trend. Signals derived from narrowing BandWidth are discussed in the ChartSchool article on BandWidth.          Description     Bollinger Bands consist of a middle band with two outer bands. The middle band is a simple moving average that is usually set at 20 periods. A simple moving average is used because the standard deviation formula also uses a simple moving average. The look-back period for the standard deviation is the same as for the simple moving average. The outer bands are usually set 2 standard deviations above and below the middle band.  To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart               Settings in Strategies       Since the Bollinger Bands indicator consists of two separate components (Bollinger Bands High, Bollinger Bands Low) each of which has its own parameters and values, in Strategy Builder the Alligator is also divided into two indicators:   Bollinger Bands High  Bollinger Bands Low   All indicators can be used either together or separately with other indicators. 
&#33000210265|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Chaikin Oscillator
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Chaikin Oscillator
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Developed by Marc Chaikin, the Chaikin Oscillator measures the momentum of the Accumulation Distribution Line using the MACD formula. This makes it an indicator of an indicator. The Chaikin Oscillator is the difference between the 3-day EMA of the Accumulation Distribution Line and the 10-day EMA of the Accumulation Distribution Line. Like other momentum indicators, this indicator is designed to anticipate directional changes in the Accumulation Distribution Line by measuring the momentum behind the movements. A momentum change is the first step to a trend change. Anticipating trend changes in the Accumulation Distribution Line can help chartists anticipate trend changes in the underlying security. The Chaikin Oscillator generates signals with crosses above/below the zero line or with bullish/bearish divergences.        Description     First and foremost, it is important to remember that the Chaikin Oscillator is an indicator of an indicator. It measures momentum for the Accumulation Distribution Line. This makes it at least three steps removed from the price of the underlying security. First, price and volume are reshaped into the Accumulation Distribution Line. Second, exponential moving averages are applied to the Accumulation Distribution Line. Third, the difference between the moving averages is used to form the Chaikin Oscillator. As the third derivative, the indicator is more prone to disconnect from the price of the underlying security.     Having clarified that, the indicator is designed to measure the momentum behind buying and selling pressure (Accumulation Distribution Line). A move into positive territory indicates that the Accumulation Distribution Line is rising and buying pressure prevails. A move into negative territory indicates that the Accumulation Distribution Line is falling and selling pressure prevails. Chartists can anticipate crosses into positive or negative territory by looking for bullish or bearish divergences, respectively.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart         Settings in Strategies        Chaikin Oscillator can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder.    
&#33000209612|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Commodity Channel Index (CCI)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Commodity Channel Index (CCI)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Developed by Donald Lambert and featured in Commodities magazine in 1980, the Commodity Channel Index (CCI) is a versatile indicator that can be used to identify a new trend or warn of extreme conditions. Lambert originally developed CCI to identify cyclical turns in commodities, but the indicator can be successfully applied to indices, ETFs, stocks, and other securities.      In general, CCI measures the current price level relative to an average price level over a given period of time. CCI is relatively high when prices are far above their average. CCI is relatively low when prices are far below their average. In this manner, CCI can be used to identify overbought and oversold levels.        Description     CCI measures the difference between a security's price change and its average price change. High positive readings indicate that prices are well above their average, which is a show of strength. Low negative readings indicate that prices are well below their average, which is a show of weakness.     The Commodity Channel Index (CCI) can be used as either a coincident or leading indicator. As a coincident indicator, surges above +100 reflect strong price action that can signal the start of an uptrend. Plunges below -100 reflect weak price action that can signal the start of a downtrend.     As a leading indicator, chartists can look for overbought or oversold conditions that may foreshadow a mean reversion. Similarly, bullish and bearish divergences can be used to detect early momentum shifts and anticipate trend reversals.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart             Settings in Strategies       Commodity Channel Index - (CCI) can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder.    
&#33000209608|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators DeMarker
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: DeMarker
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     The Demarker indicator is named after Tom Demarker who claims to have developed this indicator to overcome the shortcomings of other overbought/oversold oscillators. There are different versions of it  in the market; in some cases the indicator uses 0 and 1 as the maximum and minimum of oscillation, while in others the typical 0-100 range is preferred.     Any level between 3 and 7 (or 30 and 70 if bigger numbers are preferred) is regarded as a neutral level characterizing a continuation phase. If the price is in an uptrend, and the indicator value is also rising, the trend is expected to go on. If we observe an uptrend, while the indicator value is falling, we’re faced with a divergence, implying that the uptrend is slowly losing momentum and may suffer an abrupt reversal. Similarly, when the price is in a downtrend, but the indicator’s value is rising, we suspect that the downtrends is weak. The oscillator and price action are converging, implying an ultimate reversal. If both the indicator and the price are in an uptrend, the interpretation is that the existing price pattern will continue to develop.         Description     The Demarker indicator is calculated by first determining a DeMin, and DeMax value, which roughly correspond to the high or low of a particular time period. The obtained values are then plugged into a formula which generates the value of the indicator itself.  If the high of today is greater than the high of yesterday, we set the DeMin value at the difference of highs of the two time periods (High of today – high of yesterday). Otherwise, DeMax is set to zero. Similarly, if the low of today is lower than the low of yesterday, the difference between the lows of the two periods becomes the value of DeMin (low of today- low of yesterday). If the low of yesterday is equal or lower than today’s low, DeMin is set to zero.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart            Settings in Strategies       DeMarker can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000209615|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Detrended Price Oscillator (DPO)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Detrended Price Oscillator (DPO)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     The Detrended Price Oscillator (DPO) is an indicator designed to remove trend from price and make it easier to identify cycles. DPO does not extend to the last date because it is based on a displaced moving average. However, alignment with the most recent is not an issue because DPO is not a momentum oscillator. Instead, DPO is used to identify cycles highs/lows and estimate cycle length.           Description   The Detrended Price Oscillator (DPO) measures the difference between a past price and a moving average. Keep in mind that DPO is itself displaced to the left. The indicator oscillates above/below zero as prices move above/below the displaced moving average. Even though this indicator looks like a classic oscillator, it is not designed for momentum signals. The displaced moving average is set in the past and this is why the DPO is shown in the past. Even with this displacement, DPO peaks and troughs can be used to estimate cycle length. DPO filters out the longer trends to focus on shorter cycles. More information about this indicator and its trading signals can be found here.     Settings in the chart            Settings in Strategies       Detrended Price Oscillator (DPO) can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000209619|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Williams Alligator
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Williams Alligator
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Legendary trader Bill Williams, an early pioneer of market psychology, developed a number of original technical indicators in a career that spanned more than five decades. His trend-following Alligator Indicator follows the premise that financial markets and individual securities trend just 15% to 30% of the time while grinding through sideways ranges the other 70% to 85%.     While pit traders of his era could profit in range-bound periods with swing and scalping techniques, he believed that individuals and institutions away from the exchanges had to book most of their profits during strongly trending periods. Williams invoked barnyard imagery to describe the indicator, noting "even a blind chicken will find its corns, if it is always fed at the same time…. it look us years but we have produced an indicator that lets us always keep our powder dry until we reach the blind chicken’s market."          KEY TAKEAWAYS   The Williams Alligator indicator is a technical analysis tool that uses smoothed moving averages.  The indicator uses a smoothed average calculated with a simple moving average (SMA) to start.  It uses three moving averages, set at five, eight, and 13 periods. The three moving averages comprise the Jaw, Teeth, and Lips of the Alligator.  The indicator applies convergence-divergence relationships to build trading signals, with the Jaw making the slowest turns and the Lips making the fastest turns.   Description     The indicator applies convergence-divergence relationships to build trading signals, with the Jaw making the slowest turns and the Lips making the fastest turns. The Lips crossing downward through the other lines signals a short sale opportunity while crossing upward signals a buying opportunity. Williams refers to the downward cross as the alligator sleeping and the upward cross as the alligator awakening.  To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.     Settings in the chart            Settings in Strategies       Since the Williams Alligator indicator consists of three separate components (Alligator Jaw, Alligator Teeth, Alligator Lips) each of which has its own parameters and values, in Strategy Builder the Williams Alligator is also divided into three indicators:   Alligator Jaw  Alligator Teeth  Alligator Lips   All indicators can be used either together or separately with other indicators.    
&#33000209416|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Moving Average (ЕМА, SMA)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Moving Average (ЕМА, SMA)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Moving averages smooth the price data to form a trend following indicator. They do not predict price direction, but rather define the current direction with a lag. Moving averages lag because they are based on past prices. Despite this lag, moving averages help smooth price action and filter out the noise. They also form the building blocks for many other technical indicators and overlays, such as Bollinger Bands, MACD and the McClellan Oscillator. The two most popular types of moving averages are the Simple Moving Average (SMA) and the Exponential Moving Average (EMA). These moving averages can be used to identify the direction of the trend or define potential support and resistance levels.        Description     Even though there are clear differences between Simple moving averages and Exponential moving averages, one is not necessarily better than the other. Exponential moving averages have less lag and are therefore more sensitive to recent prices - and recent price changes. Exponential moving averages will turn before simple moving averages. Simple moving averages, on the other hand, represent a true average of prices for the entire time period. As such, simple moving averages may be better suited to identify support or resistance levels.     Moving average preference depends on objectives, analytical style, and time horizon. Chartists should experiment with both types of moving averages as well as different timeframes to find the best fit.      To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart                       Settings in Strategies        Moving Average (ЕМА, SMA) can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder.    
&#33000209500|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Ichimoku Kinko Hyo (Ichimoku Cloud)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Ichimoku Kinko Hyo (Ichimoku Cloud)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     The Ichimoku Cloud, also known as Ichimoku Kinko Hyo, is a versatile indicator that defines support and resistance, identifies trend direction, gauges momentum and provides trading signals. Ichimoku Kinko Hyo translates into “one look equilibrium chart”. With one look, chartists can identify the trend and look for potential signals within that trend. The indicator was developed by Goichi Hosoda, a journalist, and published in his 1969 book. Even though the Ichimoku Cloud may seem complicated when viewed on the price chart, it is really a straightforward indicator that is very usable. It was, after all, created by a journalist, not a rocket scientist! Moreover, the concepts are easy to understand and the signals are well-defined.          Description     The Cloud (Kumo) is the most prominent feature of the Ichimoku Cloud plots. The Leading Span A (green) and Leading Span B (red) form the Cloud. The Leading Span A is the average of the Conversion Line and the Base Line. Because the Conversion Line and Base Line are calculated with 9 and 26 periods, respectively, the green Cloud boundary moves faster than the red Cloud boundary, which is the average of the 52-day high and the 52-day low. It is the same principle with moving averages. Shorter moving averages are more sensitive and faster than longer moving averages.     There are two ways to identify the overall trend using the Cloud. First, the trend is up when prices are above the Cloud, down when prices are below the Cloud and flat when prices are in the Cloud.Second, the uptrend is strengthened when the Leading Span A (green cloud line) is rising and above the Leading Span B (red cloud line). This situation produces a green Cloud. Conversely, a downtrend is reinforced when the Leading Span A (green cloud line) is falling and below the Leading Span B (red cloud line).   This situation produces a red Cloud. Because the Cloud is shifted forward 26 days, it also provides a glimpse of future support or resistance.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.     Settings in the chart            Settings in Strategies        Since the Ichimoku Kinko Hyo indicator consists of three separate components (Tenkan, Kijun,Chinkou) each of which has its own parameters and values, in Strategy Builder the Ichimoku Kinko Hyo is also divided into three indicators:   IHCI Tenkan  IHCI Kijun  IHCI Chinkou   All indicators can be used either together or separately with other indicators. 
&#33000209506|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Parabolic SAR
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Parabolic SAR
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Developed by Welles Wilder, the Parabolic SAR refers to a price-and-time-based trading system. Wilder called this the "Parabolic Time/Price System." SAR stands for "stop and reverse," which is the actual indicator used in the system. SAR trails price as the trend extends over time. The indicator is below prices when prices are rising and above prices when prices are falling. In this regard, the indicator stops and reverses when the price trend reverses and breaks above or below the indicator.     Wilder introduced the Parabolic Time/Price System in his 1978 book, New Concepts in Technical Trading Systems. This book also includes RSI, Average True Range (ATR), and the Directional Movement Concept (ADX). Despite being developed before the computer age, Wilder's indicators have stood the test of time and remain extremely popular.          Description     Calculation of SAR is complex with if/then variables that make it difficult to put in a spreadsheet. These examples will provide a general idea of how SAR is calculated. Because the formulas for rising and falling SAR are different, it is easier to divide the calculation into two parts. The first calculation covers rising SAR and the second covers falling SAR.     SAR follows price and can be considered a trend following indicator. Once a downtrend reverses and starts up, SAR follows prices like a trailing stop. The stop continuously rises as long as the uptrend remains in place. In other words, SAR never decreases in an uptrend and continuously protects profits as prices advance. The indicator acts as a guard against the propensity to lower a stop-loss. Once price stops rising and reverses below SAR, a downtrend starts and SAR is above the price. SAR follows prices lower like a trailing stop. The stop continuously falls as long as the downtrend extends. Because SAR never rises in a downtrend, it continuously protects profits on short positions.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart            Settings in Strategies       Parabolic SAR can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder.    
&#33000209547|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Williams %R (%R)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Williams %R (%R)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Developed by Larry Williams, Williams %R is a momentum indicator that is the inverse of the Fast Stochastic Oscillator. Also referred to as %R, Williams %R reflects the level of the close relative to the highest high for the look-back period. In contrast, the Stochastic Oscillator reflects the level of the close relative to the lowest low. %R corrects for the inversion by multiplying the raw value by -100. As a result, the Fast Stochastic Oscillator and Williams %R produce the exact same lines, only the scaling is different. Williams %R oscillates from 0 to -100. Readings from 0 to -20 are considered overbought. Readings from -80 to -100 are considered oversold. Unsurprisingly, signals derived from the Stochastic Oscillator are also applicable to Williams %R.            Description     As a bound oscillator, Williams %R makes it easy to identify overbought and oversold levels. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Traditional settings use -20 as the overbought threshold and -80 as the oversold threshold. These levels can be adjusted to suit analytical needs and security characteristics. Readings above -20 for the 14-day Williams %R would indicate that the underlying security was trading near the top of its 14-day high-low range. Readings below -80 occur when a security is trading at the low end of its high-low range.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.     Settings in the chart             Settings in Strategies       Williams %R can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000209554|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators ZigZag
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: ZigZag
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     The ZigZag feature on SharpCharts is not an indicator per se, but rather a means to filter out smaller price movements. A ZigZag set at 10% would ignore all price movements less than 10%. Only price movements greater than 10% would be shown. Filtering out smaller movements gives chartists the ability to see the forest instead of just trees. It is important to remember that the ZigZag feature has no predictive power because it draws lines base on hindsight. Any predictive power will come from applications such as Elliott Wave, price pattern analysis or indicators. Chartists can also use the ZigZag with retracements feature to identify Fibonacci retracements and projections.            Description     The ZigZag and filter price action and do not have any predictive power. The ZigZag lines simply react when prices move a certain percentage. Chartists can apply an array of technical analysis tools to the ZigZag. Chartists can perform basic trend analysis by comparing reaction highs and lows. Chartists can also overlay the ZigZag feature to look for price patterns that might not be as visible on a normal bar or line chart. The ZigZag has a way of highlighting the important movements and ignoring the noise. When using the ZigZag feature, don't forget to measure the last line to determine if it is temporary or permanent. The last ZigZag line is temporary if the current price change is less than the ZigZag parameter. The last line is permanent when the price change is greater than or equal to the ZigZag parameter.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart             Settings in Strategies       ZigZag can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000209557|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Envelopes
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Envelopes
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Moving Average Envelopes are percentage-based envelopes set above and below a moving average. The moving average, which forms the base for this indicator, can be a simple or exponential moving average. Each envelope is then set the same percentage above or below the moving average. This creates parallel bands that follow price action. With a moving average as the base, Moving Average Envelopes can be used as a trend following indicator. However, this indicator is not limited to just trend following. The envelopes can also be used to identify overbought and oversold levels when the trend is relatively flat.          Description     Indicators based on channels, bands and envelopes are designed to encompass most price action. Therefore, moves above or below the envelopes warrant attention. Trends often start with strong moves in one direction or another. A surge above the upper envelope shows extraordinary strength, while a plunge below the lower envelope shows extraordinary weakness. Such strong moves can signal the end of one trend and the beginning of another.     With a moving average as its foundation, Moving Average Envelopes are a natural trend following indicator. As with moving averages, the envelopes will lag price action. The direction of the moving average dictates the direction of the channel. In general, a downtrend is present when the channel moves lower, while an uptrend exists when the channel moves higher. The trend is flat when the channel moves sideways.     Sometimes a strong trend does not take hold after an envelope break and prices move into a trading range. Such trading ranges are marked by a relatively flat moving average. The envelopes can then be used to identify overbought and oversold levels for trading purposes. A move above the upper envelope denotes an overbought situation, while a move below the lower envelope marks an oversold condition.  To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.     Settings in the chart            Settings in Strategies       Since the Envelopes indicator consists of two separate components (Envelope Lower, Envelope Upper) each of which has its own parameters and values, in Strategy Builder the Alligator is also divided into two indicators:   Envelope Lower  Envelope Upper   All indicators can be used either together or separately with other indicators. 
&#33000209626|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators MACD
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: MACD
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Developed by Gerald Appel in the late seventies, the Moving Average Convergence/Divergence oscillator (MACD) is one of the simplest and most effective momentum indicators available. The MACD turns two trend-following indicators, moving averages, into a momentum oscillator by subtracting the longer moving average from the shorter moving average. As a result, the MACD offers the best of both worlds: trend following and momentum.      The MACD fluctuates above and below the zero line as the moving averages converge, cross and diverge. Traders can look for signal line crossovers, centerline crossovers and divergences to generate signals. Because the MACD is unbounded, it is not particularly useful for identifying overbought and oversold levels.          Description     As its name implies, the MACD is all about the convergence and divergence of the two moving averages. Convergence occurs when the moving averages move towards each other. Divergence occurs when the moving averages move away from each other. The shorter moving average (12-day) is faster and responsible for most MACD movements. The longer moving average (26-day) is slower and less reactive to price changes in the underlying security.     The MACD Line oscillates above and below the zero line, which is also known as the centerline. These crossovers signal that the 12-day EMA has crossed the 26-day EMA. The direction, of course, depends on the direction of the moving average cross. Positive MACD indicates that the 12-day EMA is above the 26-day EMA. Positive values increase as the shorter EMA diverges further from the longer EMA. This means upside momentum is increasing. Negative MACD values indicate that the 12-day EMA is below the 26-day EMA. Negative values increase as the shorter EMA diverges further below the longer EMA. This means downside momentum is increasing.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart             Settings in Strategies       MACD can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000209634|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Momentum
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Momentum
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Momentum is perhaps the simplest and easiest oscillator to understand and use; it is the measurement of the speed or velocity of price changes. In "Technical Analysis of the Financial Markets", John J. Murphy explains:     "Market momentum is measured by continually taking price differences for a fixed time interval. To construct a 10-day momentum line, simply subtract the closing price 10 days ago from the last closing price. This positive or negative value is then plotted around a zero line.            KEY TAKEAWAYS   Momentum is the speed or velocity of price changes in a stock, security, or tradable instrument.  Momentum shows the rate of change in price movement over a period of time to help investors determine the strength of a trend.  Investors use momentum to trade stocks whereby a stock can exhibit bullish momentum–the price is rising–or bearish momentum–the price is falling.   Description     Momentum measures the rate of the rise or fall in stock prices. From the standpoint of trending, momentum is a very useful indicator of strength or weakness in the issue's price. History has shown us that momentum is far more useful during rising markets than during falling markets; the fact that markets rise more often than they fall is the reason for this. In other words, bull markets tend to last longer than bear markets.  Technicians use a 10-day time frame when measuring momentum. You will see the zero line in the chart below. If the most recent closing price of the stock is more than the closing price 10 trading days ago, the positive number (from the equation) is plotted above the zero line. Conversely, if the latest closing price is lower than the closing price 10 days ago, the negative measurement is plotted below the zero line.  To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart             Settings in Strategies       Momentum can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000209640|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Relative Strength Index (RSI)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Relative Strength Index (RSI)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Developed by J. Welles Wilder, the Relative Strength Index (RSI) is a momentum oscillator that measures the speed and change of price movements. RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Traditionally, and according to Wilder, RSI is considered overbought when above 70 and oversold when below 30. Signals can also be generated by looking for divergences, failure swings, and centerline crossovers. RSI can also be used to identify the general trend.     RSI is an extremely popular momentum indicator that has been featured in a number of articles, interviews, and books over the years. In particular, Constance Brown's book, Technical Analysis for the Trading Professional, features the concept of bull market and bear market ranges for RSI. Andrew Cardwell, Brown's RSI mentor, introduced positive and negative reversals for RSI. In addition, Cardwell turned the notion of divergence, literally and figuratively, on its head.     Wilder features RSI in his 1978 book, New Concepts in Technical Trading Systems. This book also includes the Parabolic SAR, Average True Range and the Directional Movement Concept (ADX). Despite being developed before the computer age, Wilder's indicators have stood the test of time and remain extremely popular.           Description     To simplify the calculation explanation, RSI has been broken down into its basic components: RS, Average Gain and Average Loss. This RSI calculation is based on 14 periods, which is the default suggested by Wilder in his book. Losses are expressed as positive values, not negative values.  Taking the prior value plus the current value is a smoothing technique similar to that used in calculating an exponential moving average. This also means that RSI values become more accurate as the calculation period extends. SharpCharts uses at least 250 data points prior to the starting date of any chart (assuming that much data exists) when calculating its RSI values. To exactly replicate our RSI numbers, a formula will need at least 250 data points.     Wilder's formula normalizes RS and turns it into an oscillator that fluctuates between zero and 100. In fact, a plot of RS looks exactly the same as a plot of RSI. The normalization step makes it easier to identify extremes because RSI is range bound. RSI is 0 when the Average Gain equals zero. Assuming a 14-period RSI, a zero RSI value means prices moved lower all 14 periods. There were no gains to measure. RSI is 100 when the Average Loss equals zero. This means prices moved higher all 14 periods. There were no losses to measure.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart            Settings in Strategies        Relative Strength Index (RSI) can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000209641|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Stochastic Oscillator
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Stochastic Oscillator
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Developed by George C. Lane in the late 1950s, the Stochastic Oscillator is a momentum indicator that shows the location of the close relative to the high-low range over a set number of periods. According to an interview with Lane, the Stochastic Oscillator “doesn't follow price, it doesn't follow volume or anything like that. It follows the speed or the momentum of price. As a rule, the momentum changes direction before price.” As such, bullish and bearish divergences in the Stochastic Oscillator can be used to foreshadow reversals. This was the first, and most important, signal that Lane identified. Lane also used this oscillator to identify bull and bear set-ups to anticipate a future reversal. Because the Stochastic Oscillator is range bound, is also useful for identifying overbought and oversold levels.            Description     The Stochastic Oscillator measures the level of the close relative to the high-low range over a given period of time. Assume that the highest high equals 110, the lowest low equals 100 and the close equals 108. The high-low range is 10, which is the denominator in the %K formula. The close less the lowest low equals 8, which is the numerator. 8 divided by 10 equals .80 or 80%. Multiply this number by 100 to find %K %K would equal 30 if the close was at 103 (.30 x 100). The Stochastic Oscillator is above 50 when the close is in the upper half of the range and below 50 when the close is in the lower half. Low readings (below 20) indicate that price is near its low for the given time period. High readings (above 80) indicate that price is near its high for the given time period.   To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart            Settings in Strategies       Since the Stochastic Oscillator consists of two separate components (Stochastic Oscillator K, Stochastic Oscillator D) each of which has its own parameters and values, in Strategy Builder the Stochastic Oscillator is also divided into two indicators:   Stochastic Oscillator K  Stochastic Oscillator D   All indicators can be used either together or separately with other indicators. 
&#33000209643|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Money Flow Index (MFI)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Money Flow Index (MFI)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     The Money Flow Index (MFI) is an oscillator that uses both price and volume to measure buying and selling pressure. Created by Gene Quong and Avrum Soudack, MFI is also known as volume-weighted RSI. MFI starts with the typical price for each period. Money flow is positive when the typical price rises (buying pressure) and negative when the typical price declines (selling pressure). A ratio of positive and negative money flow is then plugged into an RSI formula to create an oscillator that moves between zero and one hundred. As a momentum oscillator tied to volume, the Money Flow Index (MFI) is best suited to identify reversals and price extremes with a variety of signals.        Description     As a volume-weighted version of RSI, the Money Flow Index (MFI) can be interpreted similarly to RSI. The big difference is, of course, volume. Because volume is added to the mix, the Money Flow Index will act a little differently than RSI. Theories suggest that volume leads prices. RSI is a momentum oscillator that already leads prices. Incorporating volume can increase this lead time.     Quong and Soudack identified three basic signals using the Money Flow Index. First, chartists can look for overbought or oversold levels to warn of unsustainable price extremes. Second, bullish and bearish divergence can be used to anticipate trend reversals. Third, failure swings at 80 or 20 can also be used to identify potential price reversals. For this article, the divergences and failure swings are be combined to create one signal group and increase robustness.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart             Settings in Strategies       Money Flow Index (MFI) can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000210228|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators On Balance Volume
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: On Balance Volume
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     On Balance Volume (OBV) measures buying and selling pressure as a cumulative indicator that adds volume on up days and subtracts volume on down days. OBV was developed by Joe Granville and introduced in his 1963 book, Granville's New Key to Stock Market Profits. It was one of the first indicators to measure positive and negative volume flow. Chartists can look for divergences between OBV and price to predict price movements or use OBV to confirm price trends.            Description     Granville theorized that volume precedes price. OBV rises when volume on up days outpaces volume on down days. OBV falls when volume on down days is stronger. A rising OBV reflects positive volume pressure that can lead to higher prices. Conversely, falling OBV reflects negative volume pressure that can foreshadow lower prices. Granville noted in his research that OBV would often move before price. Expect prices to move higher if OBV is rising while prices are either flat or moving down. Expect prices to move lower if OBV is falling while prices are either flat or moving up.     The absolute value of OBV is not important. Chartists should instead focus on the characteristics of the OBV line. First, define the trend for OBV. Second, determine if the current trend matches the trend for the underlying security. Third, look for potential support or resistance levels. Once broken, the trend for OBV will change and these breaks can be used to generate signals. Also, notice that OBV is based on closing prices. Therefore, closing prices should be considered when looking for divergences or support/resistance breaks. And finally, volume spikes can sometimes throw off the indicator by causing a sharp move that will require a settling period.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart             Settings in Strategies       On Balance Volume can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000210231|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Trade Volume Index
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Trade Volume Index
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Trade Volume Index determines whether a security is bought or sold by calculating the quantity of Cash in Flow and Cash out Flow for that particular security during a specified period of time. Contrary to many technical indicators, the Trade Volume Index is determined on the basis of Intraday Price Values. The Indicator is based on the assumption that buying pressure rises when Price approaches Ask Price and Selling Pressure rises when Price nears the Bid Price. The outcome of Trade Volume Index is Accumulation (Purchase) or Distribution (Sale) trend for an underlying security. TVI is the short form of Trade Volume Index. TVI uses Volume as well as Price in its formula. As its name signifies, TVI indicates the amount of a security purchased or sold. The Day Traders frequently uses TVI because it uses Intraday Price Data. This doesn’t mean at all that other traders don’t use or prefer TVI over other Technical Indicators.           Description     The Trade Volume Index is works on the Intraday Tick Prices to determine direction and speed of a trend. Similar in style to On-Balance Volume Method, the TVI identifies whether a security is accumulated or distributed. Here accumulated means Purchased and Distributed signifies a selling trend. The main difference between the two methods i.e. Trade Volume Index and On Balance Volume is that, OBV uses end of day data to calculate price trends whereas TVI utilizes the intraday prices data to predict the trend.      OBV fails to predict trend when prices don’t change much from their previous day close. This designs a flat level of both support and resistance on the chart. On the other hand, TVI holds good even in slightly changing prices. Reason behind it is that, first of all TVI determines whether a security is bought or sold. After determining it, the next step is to determine the direction of trend i.e. up or down. If the TVI is going up, it means transactions are conducted on asking price because buyers are accumulating price.      On the other hand, if TVI goes down, it means the stock is traded on Bid Price because traders are distributing that particular security. Similarly, when prices trend up flat on resistance, but the TVI is rising, prices tend to breakout in upside direction. Contrarily, if TVI is falling with flat resistance level, the prices tend to fall below support level.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart             Settings in Strategies       Trade Volume Index can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000210240|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Volume Oscillator
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Volume Oscillator
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     The Volume Oscillator (VO) is a Volume Based Technical Indicator that uses the difference between two Moving Averages of a Security’s Volume to determine future trends. The Two Moving Averages are usually 5 and 20 Days Long for Future Markets. The Most common Figure of two moving averages is 14 and 28 days or weeks. The Long Period Moving Average acts as the base to determine shot Period Moving Average fluctuations. The difference between the short period and long period moving averages can be expressed in terms of points or percentages.   Description     Volume plays a significant role in confirming a Strong or Weak Price Trend. A positive value on Histogram indicates that buyer pressure exists. Similarly, when there are negative values, it shows that a selling pressure exists.      The Central Line on the Histogram of Volume Oscillator depicts neutral zone i.e. zero.  A Value plotted above the Central Line of Indicator idicates that the Short Term Volume is Greater than Long Term Volume.  Similarly, a Value below the Central Line depicts that Long Term Volume is Greater than the Short Term Volume. In order to evaluate the Volume Oscillator, watch out for the nonconformity of Price Activity with the VO Histogram. When Price Activity shows a buying pressure but VO disapproves further upward trend, then short term Volume is insufficient to boost higher prices. Soon after nonconformity, the Price Activity would follow Volume Oscillator Trend.       To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart       Settings in Strategies       Volume Oscillator can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000210247|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Volume Rate Of Change
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Volume Rate Of Change
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     In Volume Oscillator Confirms Price Movement we looked at the measurement of volume by way of an oscillator using two moving averages. In this article we look at the Volume Rate of Change (V-ROC), and we'll focus on the importance of price movements and volume in the study of market trends.     In the last decade, we've seen triple-digit swings on the Dow Jones Industrial Index to both the upside and the downside. A newcomer to the science of technical analysis may not have realized that some of these moves lacked conviction, as volume didn't always support the price movement. Chartists are not the least bit interested in a 5 to 10% move in a stock price if the volume moving the price is a fraction of the normal daily volume for that particular issue. On the other hand, since the Nasdaq market volume reaches or surpasses two billion shares per day, significant price action will trigger the interest of analysts. If price movements are significantly less than 5 to 10%, you might as well go golfing.          Description     Volume Rate of Change (V-ROC) is the indicator that shows whether or not a volume trend is developing in either an up or down direction. You may be familiar with price rate of change (discussed here), which shows an investor the rate of change measured by the issue's closing price. To calculate this, you need to divide the volume change over the last n-periods (days, weeks or months) by the volume n-periods ago. The answer is a percentage change of the volume over the last n-periods. Now, what does this mean? If the volume today is higher than n-days (or weeks or months) ago, the rate of change will be a plus number. If volume is lower, the (V-ROC) will be minus number. This allows us to look at the speed at which the volume is changing.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.     Settings in the chart       Settings in Strategies       Volume Rate Of Change can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000210252|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Chaikin Volatility
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Chaikin Volatility
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     In 1966, stockbroker Marc Chaikin commenced his career on Wall Street. Successful and bright, he started to look into technical analysis as an alternative to fundamental research. He was the one that came up with several financial indicators that nowadays took his name. Now famous, the Chaikin Oscillator, the Chaikin Accumulation/Distribution indicator, the Chaikin Persistence of Money Flow indicator and the Chaikin Volatility indicator are used by traders across the world to analyze and forecast market movements.     The Chaikin Volatility Indicator (CVI) is helpful in determining the value extent between high and low prices on a certain period of time. It measures the volatility of a market which means it shows the predictability percentage of that market. Different from the Average True Range, the CVI does not take into considerations the trading gaps.     In general, Chaikin Volatility Indicator is used in conjunction with a moving average system and on a given period of time, commonly 10 days.   Description     As the Chaikin Volatility indicator measures the instability of the stock market, its high values indicates that prices are changing fast and a lot during the day. Prices are constant when the indicator has low values. Basically, the flatter the CVI line on a graph, the more constant and secure the prices are.     A graphed market time period may have level prices or trendy prices. When a market is choppy, prices are variable and the market is insecure and contrarily, a trendy market tends to have an explosion/implosion of prices, following a trend – going up, or down. Both trendy and choppy markets can have high or low volatility on a certain time period, hence the 10 day generally used interval. This way, traders can better observe the true volatility of the market.     Sometimes, elevated volatility values are used in forecasting a trend reversal, such as a turning point in the market. Volatility peaks and abysses determine market tops and bottoms, points after which a new trend begins, be it upwards or downwards. Consequently, inferior volatility levels may be used to reflect the beginning of an upward price trend, which usually happens after a market consolidation period.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart       Settings in Strategies      Chaikin Volatility can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000210269|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Standard Deviation
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Standard Deviation
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     Standard deviation is a statistical term that measures the amount of variability or dispersion around an average. Standard deviation is also a measure of volatility. Generally speaking, dispersion is the difference between the actual value and the average value. The larger this dispersion or variability is, the higher the Standard deviation. The smaller this dispersion or variability is, the lower the Standard deviation. Chartists can use the Standard deviation to measure expected risk and determine the significance of certain price movements.     Description     The Standard deviation is a statistical measure of volatility. These values provide chartists with an estimate for expected price movements. Price moves greater than the Standard deviation show above average strength or weakness. The Standard deviation is also used with other indicators, such as Bollinger Bands. These bands are set 2 standard deviations above and below a moving average. Moves that exceed the bands are deemed significant enough to warrant attention. As with all indicators, the Standard deviation should be used in conjunction with other analysis tools, such as momentum oscillators or chart patterns.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.   Settings in the chart       Settings in Strategies       Standard Deviation can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000210289|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     The Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) is a trading benchmark used by traders that gives the average price a security has traded at throughout the day, based on both volume and price. It is important because it provides traders with insight into both the trend and value of a security. The volume weighted average price (VWAP) appears as a single line on intraday charts (1 minute, 15 minute, and so on), similar to how a moving average looks. Retail and professional traders may use the VWAP as part of their trading rules for determining intraday trends.          KEY TAKEAWAYS   The volume weighted average price (VWAP) appears as a single line on intraday charts (1 minute, 15 minute, and so on), similar to how a moving average looks.  Retail and professional traders may use the VWAP as part of their trading rules for determining intraday trends.      Description     VWAP is calculated by adding up the dollars traded for every transaction (price multiplied by the number of shares traded) and then dividing by the total shares traded.     The Formula for the VWAP Is:  VWAP = SUM(Volume * Price) / SUM(Volume)     It can be seen from the formula that VWAP is the summed sum of the products of volumes by the price for the considered time period, divided by the total amount of volume for the considered time period. The time period can take the following values - Session, Week, Month, Year and Price - Close, Open, High, Low, HL / 2, HLC / 3, HLCC / 4. The time period and price are set in the indicator settings.     To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.     Settings in the chart      
&#33000252348|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Force Index (ЕМА, SMA)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Force Index (ЕМА, SMA)
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     The Force Index is a technical indicator that measures the amount of power used to move the price of an asset. The term and its formula were developed by psychologist and trader Alexander Elder and published in his 1993 book Trading for a Living. The Force Index uses price and volume to determine the amount of strength behind a price move. The index is an oscillator, fluctuating between positive and negative territory. It is unbounded meaning the index can go up or down indefinitely.     The Force Index is used for trend and breakout confirmation, as well as spotting potential turning points by looking for divergences.          KEY TAKEAWAYS   A rising Force index, above zero, helps confirm rising prices.  A falling Force index, below zero, helps confirm falling prices.  A breakout, or a spike, in the Force index, helps confirm a breakout in price.  If the Force index is making lower swing highs while the price is making higher swing highs, this is bearish divergence and warns the price may soon decline.  If the Force index is making higher swing lows while the price is making lower swing lows, this is bullish divergence and warns the price may soon head higher.  The Force index is typically 13 periods but this can be adjusted based on preference. The more periods used the smoother the movements of the index, typically preferred by longer-term traders.      Description     The Formula for the Force Index Is:  Force Index = Volume (i) * ((MA (ApPrice (i, N) - MA (ApPrice (i - 1, N)),     Where:  MA (ApPrice (i, N) - smoothed moving average of the current bar (“candles”) for N periods;  MA (ApPrice (i-1, N) - smoothed moving average of the previous bar (“candles”) for N periods;  ApPrice - price type for calculating the indicator. It is set in the indicator settings.  N is the smoothing period. It is set in the indicator settings.  MA is set in the indicator settings and can take two values: SMA and EMA  To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.     Settings in the chart       Settings in Strategies       Force Index (ЕМА, SMA) can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000252349|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Technical Indicators Pivot Point
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators: Pivot Point
Strategy Builder / Technical Indicators:  Overview     A Pivot Point is a technical analysis indicator, or calculations, used to determine the overall trend of the market over different time frames. The Pivot Point itself is simply the average of the high, low and closing prices from the previous trading day. On the subsequent day, trading above the Pivot Point is thought to indicate ongoing bullish sentiment, while trading below the pivot point indicates bearish sentiment.     The Pivot Point is the basis for the indicator, but it also includes other support and resistance levels that are projected based on the pivot point calculation. All these levels help traders see where the price could experience support or resistance. Similarly, if the price moves through these levels it lets the trader know the price is trending in that direction.          KEY TAKEAWAYS   When the price of an asset is trading above the Pivot point, it indicates the day is bullish or positive.  When the price of an asset is trading below the Pivot point, it indicates the day is bearish or negative.  The indicator typically includes four additional levels: S1, S2, S3, R1, R2 and R3. These stand for support one and two, and resistance one and two.  Support and resistance one and two may cause reversals, but they may also be used to confirm the trend. For example, if the price is falling and moves below S1, it helps confirm the downtrend and indicate a possible continuation to S2.      Description     The Pivot Point indicator can be added to a chart, and the levels will automatically be calculated and shown. Here's how to calculate them yourself, keeping in mind that pivot points are predominantly used by day traders and are based on the high, low, and close from the prior trading day. If it is Wednesday morning, use the high, low, and close from Tuesday to create the pivot point levels for the Wednesday trading day.     The Formula for the Pivot Point Is:  PP = (H + L + C) / 3     Where:     H - Maximum of the previous period  L - The minimum of the previous period,  C - closing price of the previous period  For the intervals minutes, hours - the previous period = day, otherwise - the month.  First support S1 = 2 * PP - High;  The first resistance is R1 = 2 * PP - Low;  The second support is S2 = PP - (R1 - S1);  The second resistance is R2 = PP + (R1 - S1);  Third support S3 = Low - 2 * (High - PP);  Third resistance R3 = High + 2 * (PP - Low)  To find out more about this indicator and it`s trading signals click here.      Settings in the chart     Settings in Strategies      Pivot Point  can be used both separately and together with other indicators in the Strategy Builder. 
&#33000252350|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Step-by-step strategies Simple trend strategy based on two exponential moving averages (EMAs)
Strategy Builder / Step-by-step strategies: Simple trend strategy based on two exponential moving averages (EMAs)
Strategy Builder / Step-by-step strategies:  This straightforward trend-following strategy relies on two exponential moving averages (EMAs) with periods of 20 and 50. It capitalizes on price momentum by identifying shifts in trend direction.   Buy position: A buy signal is triggered when the fast EMA (20) crosses the slow EMA (50) from below. This crossover indicates a potential upward trend.  Closing a buy position: The buy position is closed when the closing price of a candle falls below the fast EMA (20). This serves as an early signal that the upward momentum may be weakening.  Sell position: A sell signal occurs when the fast EMA (20) crosses the slow EMA (50) from above, suggesting the onset of a downward trend.  Closing a sell position: The sell position is closed when the closing price of a candle rises above the fast EMA (20), indicating a possible reversal or weakening of the downtrend.  Timeframe: Daily (D1)  Financial instrument: Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL)      Why this strategy can be effective  This strategy is built on the well-established concept of moving average crossovers, which are commonly used in trend-following systems. The combination of the 20-period and 50-period EMAs allows traders to capture both short-term momentum and longer-term trends.   Trend identification: Moving averages smooth out price data, making it easier to identify the prevailing trend. The crossover of a shorter-term EMA above a longer-term EMA often signals the start of a new trend direction. In this strategy, the fast EMA (20) responds more quickly to price changes, while the slow EMA (50) filters out noise, making the signals more reliable.  Clear entry and exit points: The use of EMA crossovers provides clear signals for opening positions, reducing the emotional aspect of trading. By closing positions based on the relationship between the price and the fast EMA (20), the strategy protects against significant losses in case of a trend reversal.  Risk management: Exiting a position when the price crosses back below the fast EMA (20) serves as a safeguard, allowing traders to capture profits while minimizing exposure to sudden reversals. It also limits the time spent in the market when the trend is no longer in the trader's favor.   This strategy’s simplicity, combined with its effectiveness in identifying trends, makes it a valuable tool for both beginner and experienced traders. By focusing on trend direction and momentum, traders can leverage market movements while maintaining a structured approach to risk management. 
&#33000291042|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Step-by-step strategies Trend-following trading system for Broadcom inc. (AVGO) on the M15 timeframe with entry points on pullbacks
Strategy Builder / Step-by-step strategies: Trend-following trading system for Broadcom inc. (AVGO) on the M15 timeframe with entry points on pullbacks
Strategy Builder / Step-by-step strategies:  This trend-following trading system is designed specifically for Broadcom Inc. (AVGO) stock on the M15 timeframe, utilizing pullbacks for entry points. The system combines the Relative Strength Index (RSI) with a period of 5 (calculated based on closing prices) and the Exponential Moving Average (EMA) with a period of 80 to help identify trend direction and optimal entry points.   Buy position: A buy position is opened when the price is above the 80-period EMA, and the RSI indicator crosses the 50 level from below. This indicates a potential resumption of an upward trend following a temporary pullback.  Sell position: A sell position is opened when the price is below the 80-period EMA, and the RSI crosses the 50 level from above, signaling the resumption of a downward trend after a retracement.  Stop Loss and Take Profit: For buy trades, a Stop Loss is set at 0.9% from the entry point, and the Take Profit is set at 2.5%. For sell trades, the Stop Loss is also 0.9%, but the Take Profit is slightly lower at 1.5%. This asymmetric risk-reward setup is designed to capture quick profits while maintaining tight risk control.  Position limits: The strategy limits the number of open positions to a maximum of two at any given time, ensuring disciplined risk management and avoiding overexposure to the market.     Why this strategy can be effective:  This strategy combines two reliable technical analysis tools — RSI and EMA — providing a balanced approach to both trend identification and optimal entry points during price corrections. Here are a few reasons why this strategy has a sound basis:   EMA as a trend filter: The 80-period EMA serves as a dynamic trend filter. By ensuring buy signals are only triggered when the price is above the EMA and sell signals when the price is below, the strategy avoids counter-trend trading. This allows traders to ride the trend in the direction of the prevailing market movement, increasing the likelihood of success.  RSI as a momentum indicator: The RSI with a period of 5 is used to spot momentum shifts during short-term pullbacks. The crossing of the 50 level on the RSI often signals a shift in market sentiment. By combining this with the EMA, the strategy ensures that traders only enter trades when the price action and momentum are aligned.  Risk management: The tight 0.9% Stop Loss ensures that losses are kept minimal, while the 2.5% Take Profit for buy trades and 1.5% for sell trades offer an attractive risk-reward ratio. This disciplined approach helps to limit downside risk while aiming for consistent profits. The slightly larger Take Profit on buy trades reflects the general upward trend in the stock market over time.  Focus on pullbacks: By entering trades on pullbacks, this strategy aims to capture the continuation of a trend after a temporary price correction. Pullback trading is a popular method because it allows traders to enter a trend at a more favorable price, maximizing potential profit.  Broadcom inc. (AVGO): This strategy is tailored specifically for Broadcom (AVGO), a stock known for its liquidity and volatility, making it an ideal candidate for trend-following systems on shorter timeframes like M15.  
&#33000291123|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Step-by-step strategies Maximizing trend breakouts: a Donchian Channels strategy for trading Broadcom inc. (AVGO) on M15
Strategy Builder / Step-by-step strategies: Maximizing trend breakouts: a Donchian Channels strategy for trading Broadcom inc. (AVGO) on M15
Strategy Builder / Step-by-step strategies:  Buy strategy parameters    Indicator: Donchian Channels (Period 20)    Entry trigger: Highest 20, High = High price; Donchian Channels 20 < Close Price    Exit trigger (Take Profit): Donchian Channels 20 > Open Price       This is a trend-following strategy designed specifically for Broadcom Inc. (AVGO) on the M15 time frame. The strategy focuses exclusively on buying opportunities and is based on the breakout of the highest price over the last 20 candles in the direction of the prevailing trend.        How it works     The strategy identifies a strong upward trend using the Donchian Channels with a 20-period setting. A buy position is opened when the current candle closes above the middle line of the Donchian Channels, and the highest price of the candle breaks above the maximum price of the last 20 candles. This breakout signals a continuation of the upward trend.     To maximize potential profits, the position remains open until the opening price of the current candle falls below the middle line of the Donchian Channels. This exit condition ensures that the trade captures the majority of the trend movement while avoiding unnecessary early exits. In a strong trending market, this method allows for maximum gains as long as the trend persists.     Why this strategy is viable   Trend-following foundation: This strategy is built around a classic trend-following approach, which is a time-tested method for capitalizing on large price movements. By aligning with the overall market momentum, traders increase the likelihood of capturing significant profits.  Clear entry and exit criteria: The use of Donchian Channels provides a structured and systematic way to determine both entry and exit points. By focusing on breakouts of the 20-period high, it ensures that trades are initiated only when there is strong upward pressure, reducing the chance of entering false moves.  Optimized for strong trends: The exit strategy — closing a position when the opening price drops below the Donchian Channels — protects profits by keeping positions open as long as the trend remains strong. This trailing stop approach is particularly effective in capturing prolonged trend movements without being prematurely stopped out.  Simplicity with high potential: The strategy relies on only a few key indicators, making it easy to implement while providing significant upside in trending market conditions. This simplicity, combined with clear risk management rules, makes it accessible even for less experienced traders.   By focusing on trend continuation, this strategy seeks to capitalize on sustained upward movements in Broadcom Inc. (AVGO) stock, making it a reliable choice for traders aiming to profit from significant price trends. 
&#33000291132|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Strategy Builder (Create, test and run strategies) / Step-by-step strategies Grid trading strategy based on RSI extremes
Strategy Builder / Step-by-step strategies: Grid trading strategy based on RSI extremes
Strategy Builder / Step-by-step strategies:  This strategy is built around the Grid system and uses the Relative Strength Index (RSI) indicator to identify overbought and oversold market conditions. It’s designed to capitalize on price reversals by opening multiple trades at regular intervals as the price moves against the initial position. A multiplier of 2.2 is used to increase the trade size after each step in the grid, allowing the strategy to recover losses faster and generate profit when the market reverses.      Key terms you should know   Price reversal: A price reversal is when the price of an asset, such as a stock or currency, changes direction. If the price has been declining, a reversal means it starts rising, and vice versa. These reversals are key to this strategy as they allow traders to exit trades with a profit.  Overbought market condition: When the price of an asset has risen too quickly, it’s considered overbought, meaning a reversal or pullback may be due. Traders often look for overbought conditions to sell, expecting the price to fall soon.  Oversold market condition: This is when an asset's price has fallen too quickly, and a reversal or bounce back is likely. In oversold conditions, traders usually look for buying opportunities, expecting the price to rise.   How the Grid strategy works        Buy trade setup:   RSI signal: A buy trade is initiated when the RSI falls below 20, signaling an oversold market where prices might soon reverse.  Grid and multiplier: If the price continues to fall, additional buy trades are placed every 30 points below the original entry, and each new trade has a volume multiplied by 2.2. This multiplier increases the trade size progressively to help recover losses more quickly once the price begins to reverse.  Closing the trade: The buy trades are closed either when the total profit reaches $50 or after 480 bars (equivalent to 5 trading days), whichever comes first.   Sell trade setup:   RSI signal: A sell trade is opened when the RSI rises above 80, indicating an overbought market where prices are likely to reverse downward.  Grid and multiplier: If the price continues to rise, additional sell trades are opened every 30 points above the original entry, with each new trade's volume multiplied by 2.2. This creates a grid of positions that benefit from any price reversal.  Closing the trade: Similar to the buy side, the sell trades are closed when the total profit reaches $50 or after 480 bars (5 trading days).   Why this strategy has potential   RSI as a reliable tool: The RSI is widely used to identify overbought and oversold market conditions, which makes it an ideal indicator for catching price reversals. With the thresholds set at RSI 20 (oversold) and RSI 80 (overbought), this strategy aims to capitalize on extreme market conditions where reversals are more likely.  Grid and multiplier for recovery: By opening additional trades at regular intervals and using a 2.2 multiplier, the strategy allows for faster recovery from losing trades. As the market moves further away from the original entry, each successive trade has a larger volume, allowing the trader to recover losses more quickly once the price reverses.  Clear profit targets and risk management: The strategy includes predefined exit points, such as closing positions once the total profit reaches $50 or after 480 bars. This ensures that positions are not held indefinitely and limits the exposure to market fluctuations.  Adaptability to different markets: The strategy can be applied to a variety of markets, including stocks, currencies, and commodities. It works best in ranging or fluctuating markets where price reversals are more common. The RSI thresholds and grid spacing can be adjusted to suit different time frames and instruments.   Potential risks  While the Grid system allows for profit from price fluctuations, there is a risk of accumulating large losses if the market trends strongly in one direction without reversing. The multiplier of 2.2 increases position sizes with each new trade, which can lead to higher risks during prolonged adverse market movements. Therefore, risk management is crucial, and traders must ensure they have sufficient capital to withstand extended losing streaks.  Summary  The Grid trading strategy based on RSI extremes combines the power of the RSI indicator and a structured grid of trades with a 2.2 multiplier to create a potentially profitable method for trading reversals. By scaling into positions and targeting clear profit exits, traders can benefit from price fluctuations while managing risk. However, it’s essential to understand the risks involved, especially in trending markets, and apply the strategy with caution. For beginners, testing the strategy in a demo account is highly recommended before using it in live trading. 
&#33000291167|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Verification & Security What is the complete verification and what is it for?
FAQ / Verification & Security: What is the complete verification and what is it for?
FAQ / Verification & Security:  Verification is a documentary confirmation of your personal information.  The main purpose of verification is to increase the safety level of your funds and Live Account. In addition to that, verified clients get an access to several additional services. To pass the verification, you have to go through two stages: verify your identity (documentary confirmation of your identity) and address (documentary confirmation of your actual residence address). 
&#33000290523|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Verification & Security How to verify the identity
FAQ / Verification & Security: How to verify the identity
FAQ / Verification & Security:  To verify your identity, you'll need to complete a special form in your Members Area and upload digital copies of both:    a document confirming your identity,   a document confirming your residential address.    Please note that you are allowed to verify your identity not only using your passport, but other personal documents as well.  You can read the complete list of documents and requirements for verification in your Members Area.     
&#33000290524|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Verification & Security How much time does the verification take?
FAQ / Verification & Security: How much time does the verification take?
FAQ / Verification & Security:  The complete verification takes 2 business days. 
&#33000290545|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Verification & Security What do I do if I don’t have any scanned images of my documents?
FAQ / Verification & Security: What do I do if I don’t have any scanned images of my documents?
FAQ / Verification & Security:  Apart from scanners, documents for passing the verification can be captured by means of photo camera, web camera or mobile phone.     The most important thing is that the digital copy of the document could provide a clear vision of all required information.     You can read the complete list of documents and requirements for verification in your Members Area. 
&#33000290546|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Verification & Security How do you ensure security of my personal information?
FAQ / Verification & Security: How do you ensure security of my personal information?
FAQ / Verification & Security:  Our Company implements a modern SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology, which is used to guarantee the safety of the information you provide. The SSL technology provides reliable protection and prevents your personal information from being accessed and stolen by the third parties. We’re constantly improving our safety technologies in order to avoid illegal infiltration into the system and eliminate any unauthorized access to our database. 
&#33000290547|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Verification & Security What do I do in case I don’t receive SMS with the confirmation code?
FAQ / Verification & Security: What do I do in case I don’t receive SMS with the confirmation code?
FAQ / Verification & Security:  SMS with the confirmation code is usually delivered in several minutes, but sometimes this process may take up to 10-15 minutes. If you don’t receive the message for a longer period, please follow these recommendations:   Make sure that your phone is on.  Check if the phone has enough free memory for new SMS.  Restart your phone and check if it can receive messages once again.  Click "Send SMS again".  If the problem hasn’t been solved, contact our 24/7 Live Support.   Please note that if you weren’t able to receive the confirmation code during the SMS verification, you can enter other phone number and try one more time. 
&#33000290552|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Verification & Security If I’ve already verified my account with the broker, do I need to verify again for StocksTrader?
FAQ / Verification & Security: If I’ve already verified my account with the broker, do I need to verify again for StocksTrader?
FAQ / Verification & Security:  If you are already registered with a broker company and your profile is fully verified, it is not required to go through a separate registration and verification process to use the StocksTrader platform. On the other hand, if you are not a client yet, you would need to register and verify your account in accordance with the selected broker's procedure before you can fully use StocksTrader. 
&#33000293965|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Verification & Security How can I change my StocksTrader password?
FAQ / Verification & Security: How can I change my StocksTrader password?
FAQ / Verification & Security:  To change the password you use to log in to StocksTrader, you need to change your Members Area password. Please follow these steps:      Log in to your Members Area, go to the Profile section, and open the "Change Members Area Password" page. Enter your current password, then type in a new one. To confirm the change, enter the code sent to your e-mail. 
&#33000294012|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Verification & Security How do I verify my profile in the web platform and mobile app?
FAQ / Verification & Security: How do I verify my profile in the web platform and mobile app?
FAQ / Verification & Security:  To verify your profile, you need to follow these steps:      In the mobile app, navigate to More > Profile > Personal data verification. You will be redirected to your Members Area to proceed with the verification process.      In the web terminal, go to the left-side panel and click the first section at the top. You will see your Profile settings. Select Verification and follow the link there to be redirected to the verification page in your Members Area.      In the Members Area, fill in the special form for identity verification and attach a digital copy of a document confirming your identity. You can use various personal documents for verification, not just your passport. Make sure the digital copy is clear and shows all required information. For a complete list of documents and requirements, refer to your Members Area.      Useful link:      How to verify the identity? 
&#33000294047|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Verification & Security What should I do if I don’t receive a confirmation code by e-mail?
FAQ / Verification & Security: What should I do if I don’t receive a confirmation code by e-mail?
FAQ / Verification & Security:  If you do not receive a code by e-mail, you can do the following:    First, check your spam or junk folder.   If the code still does not arrive, please reach out to your broker's customer support.   
&#33000294202|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics Order types explained: Market Order, Buy Limit, Sell Limit, Buy Stop, Sell Stop
FAQ / Trading basics: Order types explained: Market Order, Buy Limit, Sell Limit, Buy Stop, Sell Stop
FAQ / Trading basics:  1. Market Order     Buy or sell order at a current market price. Best execution price guaranteed by execution venue. The Requested Order price is not guaranteed.     2. Buy Limit Order     Pending order to buy below the current market price. Trigger condition: the current Ask price is less or equal to declared order price. The Requested Order price is guaranteed. The Execution price is better or equal to the Declared Price.     Case of using a Buy Limit Order    Support levels: When you think a financial instrument will hit a support level and rebound, you can set a Buy Limit Order at that level to purchase the financial instrument if it reaches your desired price.    Example  Suppose a stock is currently trading at $170.07, but you only want to buy it if it drops to $160. You can set a Buy Limit Order at $160. If the price falls to $160 or below, your order will be executed at your specified price or better.        3. Sell Limit Order  Pending order to sell above the current market price. Trigger condition: the current Bid price is higher or equal to declared order price. The Requested Order price is guaranteed. The Execution price is better or equal to the Declared Price.  Case of using a Sell Limit Order    Resistance levels: When you believe a stock will hit a resistance level and then decline, you can set a Sell Limit Order at that level to sell the stock if it reaches your desired price.    Example  Suppose you see a "double top" (an extremely bearish technical reversal pattern that forms after an asset reaches a high price two consecutive times) with a maximum price of $50 for the stock. You set a Sell Limit Order at $50 in anticipation that the price will drop to $40, allowing you to buy it back and take a profit.  "Double top" pattern:     4. Buy Stop Order  Pending order to buy above the current market price. Trigger condition for FX/ Indices: current ask price is greater or equal to declared order price. Trigger condition for Stocks: last price is greater or equal to declared order price. Requested Order price is not guaranteed.     Cases of using a Buy Stop Order    Breakout trading: If you believe a stock will continue to rise once it reaches a certain price, you can use a Buy Stop Order to buy as it breaks through that level.    Entering a position in a bull market: When you want to buy into a stock that is showing strong upward momentum and you want to confirm it’s continuing to rise before you buy.    Example  Suppose a stock is currently trading at $144.90, but you want to buy it if the price rises to $170, indicating a potential breakout. You can set a Buy Stop Order at $170. If the stock price reaches $170 or higher, your order will be executed at the next available price, which could be higher than $170 due to market fluctuations.    5. Sell Stop Order  Pending order to sell below the current market price. Trigger condition for FX/ Indices: current bid is less or equal to declared order price. Trigger condition for Stocks: last price is less or equal to declared order price. Requested Order price is not guaranteed.     Case of using a Sell Stop Order    Entering a short position: When you believe a stock will continue to fall once it reaches a certain price, you can use a Sell Stop Order to sell as it breaks through that level.    Example  Suppose a stock is currently trading at $68.47, but you want to sell it if the price drops to $65. You can set a Sell Stop Order at $65. If the stock price falls to $65 or lower, your order will be executed at the next available price, which could be lower than $65 due to market fluctuations.    
&#33000290370|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What is the difference between the netting and hedging position accounting models?
FAQ / Trading basics: What is the difference between the netting and hedging position accounting models?
FAQ / Trading basics:  How do you trade on the account with the netting accounting model?  When trading with the netting account model, you can only have one open position in the same instrument. Therefore:   If you open two orders in the same direction, the open position will increase.  If you open two orders of the same volume but in different directions, the existing position will be closed, and a new one will not be opened.  If a new order is opposite to the existing one and exceeds it in volume, the current position will reverse in the opposite direction.  If a new order is opposite to the existing one and has a smaller volume, the current position volume will decrease.   How do you trade on the account with the hedging accounting model?  When trading with the hedging account model, you can open as many positions as you want in the same instrument in different directions, in case there is enough margin for opening and maintaining them.     If you already have an open order in some instrument and you decide to open another one, you will have one more open position. Unlike the netting model, in the hedging model opening a new position in an instrument has no influence on existing ones.     Important   Partial closing of positions is only possible on netting accounts, not on hedging accounts.  The strategy builder is available on the web terminal only for hedging accounts.      How to choose a model     Go to Manage accounts > Open real account. Choose your preferred accounting model.               
&#33000290389|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics How does Stop Out work?
FAQ / Trading basics: How does Stop Out work?
FAQ / Trading basics:  Stop Out refers to the automatic closing of a trader's positions by the broker when the account's margin level falls below a certain threshold. This action is taken to prevent further losses that the account cannot cover and to protect both the trader and the broker from incurring negative balances. Here are the key points about Stop Out:     1. Margin level: The Stop Out level is defined as a specific percentage of the account's margin level, which is the ratio of the account equity to the used margin. If the account equity falls below this percentage, the Stop Out is triggered.           2. Automatic process: The Stop Out is executed automatically by the trading platform without any intervention from the trader. This is to ensure quick action to protect the account from going into a negative balance.     3. Priority of closure: In case the Account Margin Level is less or equal to the Stop Out Level, the system sends a Stop Out order(s) to close all opened deals. In the case a Stop Out order is cancelled by the execution venue and the Account Margin Level is still less or equal to Stop Out level, the system sends Stop Out order(s) again.     4. Risk management: The Stop Out mechanism is a risk management tool for both traders and brokers. It prevents traders from losing more money than they have in their account and minimizes the risk of the broker having to cover the losses.     5. Stop out levels: Stop Out levels are specified in the terms and conditions. Common stop out levels range from 20% to 50% of the margin level. (To know the exact percentage for your account type, please visit your broker's website or contact customer support).     6. Notifications: The StocksTrader client receives a daily statement with up-to-date information on all account changes, including deals closed through the automatic execution of Stop Out orders. 
&#33000290432|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What is Stop Loss and how does it work?
FAQ / Trading basics: What is Stop Loss and how does it work?
FAQ / Trading basics:  What is a Stop Loss?  Stop order to close a deal. Trigger condition for FX/Indices: current bid (for BUY deals) or current ask (for SELL deals) reaches the Stop Loss level. Trigger condition for Stocks: the last price reaches the Stop Loss level. The Requested Order price is not guaranteed.          How does a Stop Loss work?  1. Setting the Stop Loss: When entering a trade, a trader sets a Stop Loss order at a specific price level. This price is typically set below the entry price for a long position or above the entry price for a short position.  2. Triggering the order: If the market price of the security reaches the Stop Loss level, the Stop Loss order is triggered and the position is closed at the best available price. This action is automatic and does not require the trader to be actively monitoring the market.      Benefits of using a Stop Loss  1. Risk management: A Stop Loss helps in managing risk by limiting the amount a trader can lose on a single trade.  2. Emotional discipline: It removes emotions from trading decisions, ensuring that trades are exited when they are no longer profitable according to the pre-set criteria.     Example of a Stop Loss in action     Long position: If a trader buys a stock at $100 and sets a Stop Loss at $95, the Stop Loss order will be triggered if the stock price drops to $95. This limits the trader's loss to $5 per share.       Short position: If a trader shorts a stock at $100 and sets a Stop Loss at $105, the Stop Loss order will be triggered if the stock price rises to $105. This limits the trader's loss to $5 per share.      
&#33000290433|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What is Take Profit and how does it work?
FAQ / Trading basics: What is Take Profit and how does it work?
FAQ / Trading basics:  Take Profit order is an instruction to sell (in the case of a long position) or buy (in the case of a short position) a financial instrument when it reaches a specified price, allowing traders to lock in profits.            How does Take Profit work?  1. Setting the Take Profit: When entering a trade, a trader sets a Take Profit order at a specific price level. This price is typically set above the entry price for a long position or below the entry price for a short position.  2. Triggering the order: If the market price of the security reaches the Take Profit level, the Take Profit order is triggered, and the position is closed at the best available price. This action is automatic and does not require the trader to be actively monitoring the market.     Benefits of using a Take Profit   Profit maximization: By setting a Take Profit level, traders can ensure that they lock in gains once the price reaches a favorable level.  Automated trading: It allows for automated trading, removing the need for constant market monitoring and helping to avoid emotional decision-making.  Risk management: It complements Stop Loss orders, providing a balanced approach to risk and reward in trading strategies.   Example of Take Profit in action     Long position: If a trader buys a stock at $100 and sets a Take Profit at $110, the Take Profit order will be triggered if the stock price rises to $110. This locks in a profit of $10 per share.    Short position: If a trader shorts a stock at $100 and sets a Take Profit at $90, the Take Profit order will be triggered if the stock price falls to $90. This locks in a profit of $10 per share.       Key points to remember   Automatic execution: Take Profit orders are executed automatically, ensuring profits are realized without manual intervention.  Price fluctuations: Market prices can fluctuate rapidly, so Take Profit orders help capture gains in volatile markets.  Strategy integration: They are often used in conjunction with other trading strategies and orders (like Stop Loss) to optimize trading performance.  
&#33000290434|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics Why wasn't my order executed at the declared price?
FAQ / Trading basics: Why wasn't my order executed at the declared price?
FAQ / Trading basics:  This may happen with all market orders, Stop Out orders, Buy Stop, Sell Stop, and Stop Loss orders.  When these orders are triggered, the system sends a Market Order that is executed at the current price, which may differ from the declared price.  Other types of pending orders (Buy Limit, Sell Limit, and Take Profit) are mostly executed at the specified price and sometimes at a better price if available on the market at the time of execution.  Why might my market order not be executed at the price I expected?  Market orders are designed to execute as quickly as possible at the current market price, but they are not guaranteed to execute at a specific declared price. Here are some reasons why your market order might not have been executed at the price you expected:   Market volatility: Prices can change rapidly in a volatile market, especially during news releases, earnings announcements, or economic events. The price you saw when placing the order might have shifted by the time it reached the market.  Order routing and execution speed: The time it takes for your order to reach the exchange or liquidity provider can result in price changes.  Liquidity: If there is low liquidity in the market, your order might be executed at a higher or lower price, depending on the availability of counterparties willing to trade at your desired price. For large orders, if there isn't enough volume at the current price, parts of the order may execute at progressively worse prices.   How to mitigate this   Use limit orders: If you want to control the price at which your trade is executed, use a limit order instead of a market order.  Monitor market conditions: Be cautious during high-volatility periods.  
&#33000290482|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics Why was the position closed without any actions on my part?
FAQ / Trading basics: Why was the position closed without any actions on my part?
FAQ / Trading basics:  Positions are closed automatically for the following reasons:   In case of Stop Out (the margin level on your trading account reached the Stop Out value). Find information about Stop Out here.  The price reached the Stop Loss or Take Profit level.  In case Trailing Stop was activated. Read more about Trailing Stop here.  
&#33000290483|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What is leverage?
FAQ / Trading basics: What is leverage?
FAQ / Trading basics:  The leverage is a ratio between the trader’s own funds and borrowed funds, which a trader borrows from his broker. 1:100 leverage means that for a transaction you must have a trading account with amount 100 times less than the sum of the transaction.     Example: a trader chooses the 1:500 leverage and has 200 euros on his account. Leverage 1:500 allows him to buy a contract worth 100.000 euros.     Some examples of leverage for StocksTrader accounts:   US Stocks - up to 1:20 (depending on the liquidity of the instrument)  CFDs on US stocks - up to 1:20  CFDs on EU stocks - up to 1:5  Currencies - up to 1:500  CFDs on Indices - 1:100  CFDs on metals - 1:250 (XAGUSD), 1:500 (XAUUSD)  CFDs on oil - 1:20   Important:   Note that leverage varies for different accounts and clients. That's why it is difficult to specify exact leverage ratio. Pay attention to the leverage specified in your account.   For StocksTrader accounts, the leverage cannot be changed after the account is opened. If you need a different leverage ratio, you will need to open a new account with the required settings.  Two days before a company's earnings report is released, the leverage for new trades on its stocks in StocksTrader is automatically reduced. Existing open positions are not affected. The leverage is restored to its original level the day after the report is published. Read the article "Impact of Earnings on leverage" with detailed example how leverage ratio change before and after Earnings are released.  It also is important to point out that trading CFDs may not be available with your broker, make sure to contact customer support to check the availability of specific trading instruments.   Useful links:     Read how Stop Out works here. 
&#33000290491|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What fees are charged on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Trading basics: What fees are charged on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Trading basics:  1. Markup added to market spread     Instead of charging separate commissions for each order, we include our fees in the market spread. We apply a small markup to the market spread, which tends toward 0.15% of the instrument’s value. This markup is automatically included in the price you see when you trade. Read more about this in our article "Understanding the trading model with markup on spread".     2. Interest     This is a charge for rolling a leveraged position overnight. This commission is added to the result of a position. The leverage is applied to positions depending on the type of instrument or account. View the leverage value applied for a particular instrument on your account in the "Contract specification" section.     The commission rate is not constant and might be changed without any prior notice to clients.     How to calculate interest? <Opening price> * <Position volume> * <Interest (%) / 100 / 360>     Example: Twitter: 100 shares, long position, interest - 7% 25 * 100 * (-7%) / 100 / 360 = (-0,49) USD     Triple interests are applied to some instruments on a specific day of the week. Find the triple interest day for each instrument in the "Contract specifications" section.          3. Markup for conversion rate     Markups are applied to conversion rates in case the funds engaged in trading Stocks, ETFs, and CFDs need to be converted. View the markup values used for the funds conversion for each currency pair in the "Contract specifications" section.             To apply markup for conversion rate to the price, you can use the following formula:     The Ask price with markup = Ask + (Ask * Markup(%) / 100 / 2) The Bid price with markup = Bid - (Bid * Markup(%) / 100 / 2)     When calculating the financial result of a position, the conversion will be separately applied to an estimate of an exposure cost and additional expenses (Interest, or swap), but not to the final result. The formula is the following:     Short position (Sell)  ((Opening price * Position volume) / Conversion rate - (Closing price * Position volume) / Conversion rate) + Interest / Conversion rate     Long position (Buy)  Closing price * Position volume / Conversion rate - Opening price * Position volume / Conversion rate + Interest / Conversion rate     Example:  Twitter: 100 shares, long position, opening price: $22.00, last price: $26.00, Interest (swap): $1.5, trading account is nominated in EUR, markup: 0.5%, applicable conversion rate (EURUSD) at the time of position opening: 1.11253, applicable conversion rate (EURUSD) at the time of calculation: 1.11233.  (26.00 * 100 / 1.11253 – 22.00 * 100 / 1.11233) + (-1.5) / 1.11253 = €345.7     Important: The order form calculates and displays the cost of a deal based on order volume and price, adjusting for buy/sell direction and the selected trading instrument.           The cost is calculated when opening a new order window and is provided for informational purposes. Clicking on the icon opens a detailed information window with the following calculated parameters:              
&#33000290372|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What is Triple Interest day?
FAQ / Trading basics: What is Triple Interest day?
FAQ / Trading basics:  Triple Interest day refers to the day when Interest/Swap is taken at a triple rate. This adjustment accounts for three days to cover interest over the weekend when markets are closed. 
&#33000293968|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What types of accounts are available in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics: What types of accounts are available in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics:  StocksTrader offers three main account types for trading:     1. Margin Account – Enables trading with leverage. Supports access to over 12,000 instruments, including stocks and CFDs.     2. Cash Account – Enables trading real stocks with 1:1 leverage, including equities from the US, EU, UK, and Switzerland. Suitable for portfolio management and long-term investments. The following parameters are available for this account type: My portfolio, Investments, and Available to invest. As for the general term, a cash account is a type of brokerage account that requires all transactions to be paid in full with the available cash in the account at the time of the transaction. In a cash account, you cannot borrow funds to purchase securities, meaning you must have sufficient cash to cover the entire cost of any trades you make. This type of account is generally considered less risky compared to a margin account, as it does not involve borrowing money.     3. Investment Savings Account (ISK) – а special account type available for clients based in Sweden, offering tax-efficient investment opportunities. Key features of ISK:   Available currencies: USD, EUR, or SEK  No currency exchange fees  Trade U.S. and European stocks and ETFs  Leverage: 1:1 only    Just like a cash account, an Investment Savings Account (ISK) requires all transactions to be paid in full using available cash in the account at the time of the trade. Leverage is not available, meaning you must have sufficient funds to cover the total cost of any purchases. This account type is commonly used in Sweden due to its favorable tax structure, allowing clients to grow their investments efficiently. The following parameters are available for ISK: My portfolio, Investments, and Available to invest — helping you manage and track your holdings easily within the platform.     All these 3 accounts come with zero commission.     Please note that the availability of certain account types may depend on the broker’s specific conditions. If you have any questions or need assistance with opening an account, feel free to reach out.  
&#33000293974|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics Where can I find the account overview in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics: Where can I find the account overview in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics:  For StocksTrader web version, account overview can be found in the top part of the terminal, above the chart.      In the StocksTrader mobile app, please follow these steps:     1. Open the StocksTrader app.  2. Navigate to the "Portfolio" tab, which is typically located on the main navigation menu.  3. Here, you will find details about your total portfolio value, available funds, and any margin information.     Useful link:     Positions, Orders, and History in the app 
&#33000293996|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics How can I identify real stocks in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics: How can I identify real stocks in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics:  To identify real stocks in StocksTrader, look at the instrument's ticker and ensure it has for example .nq or .ny at the end (for US stocks). These marks are included in the asset name for real US stocks.          
&#33000293998|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics How long does it take to execute an order in StocksTrader or CopyFX?
FAQ / Trading basics: How long does it take to execute an order in StocksTrader or CopyFX?
FAQ / Trading basics:  Execution time is not a fixed parameter and depends not only on the networking performance but mostly on the execution process of the liquidity providers. Most of the time when the liquidity is sufficient it takes much less than a second to fill an order, but the values can vary significantly depending on market conjuncture. Normally, on calm and liquid market, the execution time should be in range of 150-400 milliseconds, but during the periods of low liquidity, or extreme volatility (like news release situation for example) it may be and probably will be significantly higher.      In the CopyFX system, it occurs simultaneously with the execution of the trader's order. This ensures synchronicity and allows investors to follow the actions of traders in real time.  
&#33000293999|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics Will my open positions be affected if I withdraw my entire balance?
FAQ / Trading basics: Will my open positions be affected if I withdraw my entire balance?
FAQ / Trading basics:  If you have open positions on the account, you can only withdraw those funds which are not used for maintaining open positions. Thus, you will not be able to withdraw your entire balance while having open positions. It is also important to point out that, if your funds withdrawal leads to a significant drop in margin level or to you not having sufficient funds to cover the margin for your open positions, this may result in the closing of those positions.  
&#33000294001|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics Why can't I see my available funds for investment directly on the platform?
FAQ / Trading basics: Why can't I see my available funds for investment directly on the platform?
FAQ / Trading basics:  The amount that you can use for opening new positions is displayed in the Free margin parameter. Your available funds are calculated using the formula: Free Margin = Equity - Margin.      This means that even if your Balance, Equity, and other metrics are visible, the Free Margin can be affected by open positions and margin requirements. If your Margin Level is low due to open positions, it may limit your ability to place new orders.      Useful link:     Margin account: definitions 
&#33000294002|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics How can I find out the required margin to open a position in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics: How can I find out the required margin to open a position in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics:  To determine the required margin for opening a position, follow these steps:      1. Log in to the StocksTrader platform.   2. Use the search bar in the top left corner (web platform) to find your desired instrument, or select one from the list.   3. Adjust the volume in the right-hand sidebar.   4. Below the volume, you will find the Margin (Sell/Buy) section, displaying the required margin. You can modify the volume or choose a different instrument to check the margin for other options.        
&#33000294007|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics When are overnight fees charged in StocksTrader, and how can I avoid them?
FAQ / Trading basics: When are overnight fees charged in StocksTrader, and how can I avoid them?
FAQ / Trading basics:  The overnight fees, known as interest, are charged when a leveraged position is held overnight. If you do not want to pay interest, you may consider holding positions only during the trading day and closing them before the end of the trading day.      You may also consider trading on the StocksTrader account with leverage 1:1 where there is no interest for holding positions overnight.  
&#33000294008|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics How do I start trading on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Trading basics: How do I start trading on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Trading basics:  To start trading on the StocksTrader platform, follow these steps:      1. Open the StocksTrader app (iOS, Android) or access the browser version, then log in.  2. Open a new trading account or use your existing StocksTrader account.   3. Deposit funds using your preferred payment method.   4. Select your desired trading instrument, set the volume, and choose Buy or Sell to execute a trade.      Useful links:     Buying financial instruments via StocksTrader web terminal  How to open new position in the app        
&#33000294010|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What leverage is available on StocksTrader, and where can I find details for specific instruments?
FAQ / Trading basics: What leverage is available on StocksTrader, and where can I find details for specific instruments?
FAQ / Trading basics:  The StocksTrader account uses a margin structure that supports leveraged trading. The maximum leverage you can set on an StocksTrader account is 1:20. However, some instruments have fixed leverage — for example, currency pairs are set at 1:500. Leverage depends on the instrument type and trading conditions. For specific details, please refer to the "Contract Specifications" section on the platform.     It is important to note that currency pairs and other CFDs may not be available for trading, please contact your broker's customer support to confirm the availability of specific trading instruments.      Also note that certain instruments have fixed leverage, meaning that the predefined leverage for that specific asset will apply regardless of your account settings. If you need a different leverage ratio, you will need to open a new account with the required settings. Please check your account details on the StocksTrader platform for the exact leverage applicable to your trading instruments.      Useful links:     What is leverage?   Impact of Earnings on leverage        
&#33000294013|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics Are there margin call levels on StocksTrader accounts?
FAQ / Trading basics: Are there margin call levels on StocksTrader accounts?
FAQ / Trading basics:  StocksTrader accounts do not include a margin call feature. In contrast, trading accounts on the MT4 and MT5 platforms have a margin call level set at 100%, meaning once margin level falls to the level and below, a margin call will be issued. You may be required to deposit additional funds to meet the minimum margin level, or close open positions to restore your account to compliant levels.  
&#33000294014|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics Can I deactivate margin on my trading account?
FAQ / Trading basics: Can I deactivate margin on my trading account?
FAQ / Trading basics:  Typically, the margin cannot be deactivated. If you close open positions on your trading account, the margin will be removed, as margin is funds used to support open positions. 
&#33000294015|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What taxes are applied to dividends in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics: What taxes are applied to dividends in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics:  If you receive dividends from stocks, ETFs, or CFDs on stocks and ETFs in the US stock market, a 15% tax will be deducted. This amount will be taken from your account and marked as "Dividend tax". No dividend tax is withheld for European stocks. It is recommended that you check the terms and fees associated with dividends directly on your broker's website or contact their support team for more information.      Useful links:     Dividends  Ex-dividend date: definition and key dates   How long should I hold a stock to get the dividend?     
&#33000294016|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics At what margin level does a Stop Out occur in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics: At what margin level does a Stop Out occur in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics:  In the StocksTrader platform, the Stop Out level refers to the specific percentage of the margin level at which open positions are automatically closed. This mechanism is designed to protect your account from further losses when the funds available are no longer sufficient to maintain open trades.     Stop Out is triggered automatically — once the margin level falls below a certain threshold, the system starts closing open positions without prior notice. StocksTrader does not provide a Margin Call, meaning that no warning is issued before the Stop Out is activated.     The exact Stop Out percentage depends on your broker and trading conditions. Typically, it ranges from 20% to 50%. For example, if your margin level drops to 20% (or the level set by your broker), the platform will start closing the least profitable positions first until the margin level rises above the required threshold or all positions are closed.    
&#33000294042|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics Why doesn’t my chosen leverage apply to some instruments in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics: Why doesn’t my chosen leverage apply to some instruments in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Trading basics:  Keep in mind that certain instruments have a fixed leverage. This means that regardless of your trading account's leverage settings, the predefined leverage for that specific asset will apply. For example, indices typically have a fixed leverage of 1:100 across all account types. 
&#33000294043|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics Are all stocks on StocksTrader available for fractional trading?
FAQ / Trading basics: Are all stocks on StocksTrader available for fractional trading?
FAQ / Trading basics:  You may navigate to the contract specifications of StocksTrader platform by clicking the magnifying glass icon above the chart. Here you will find the full list of available instruments. All the stocks can be traded fractionally.  
&#33000294182|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics Where can I find fees I paid?
FAQ / Trading basics: Where can I find fees I paid?
FAQ / Trading basics:  To find the fees you will need to pay, you can check the order form in the web terminal. When you open the order form, you can view the cost of a deal based on the order volume and price. Clicking on the "i" icon will open an information window displaying calculated parameters, which may include applied markup and daily interest. These parameters are calculated at the moment a new order window is opened and are provided for informational purposes only.      To check fees for open trades, go to the Positions/Portfolio section. For web terminal, you should see the Interest and Commission columns where the fees amount will be displayed for each trade. You may need to enable the Interest/Commission column display in the settings.      For the mobile app, click on the specific position to see more details about it, including all the fees. To view details of past trades, check History section.  
&#33000294183|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What is the difference between CFD and NASDAQ contracts?
FAQ / Trading basics: What is the difference between CFD and NASDAQ contracts?
FAQ / Trading basics:  The primary difference between CFDs (Contracts for Difference) and NASDAQ contracts lies in their structure and trading mechanisms. CFDs are derivative instruments that allow traders to speculate on the price movements of an underlying asset without owning the asset itself. On the other hand, NASDAQ contracts typically refer to actual stocks listed on the NASDAQ exchange. When you buy NASDAQ stocks, you own a share of the company. Additionally, orders for CFDs are typically executed over-the-counter (OTC), while NASDAQ stocks are traded on the exchange.      It is also important to note that CFD trading may not be available in your broker or in your region. We recommend contacting customer support for relevant info on trading conditions. 
&#33000294184|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What is Interest Buy/Sell in the trading costs?
FAQ / Trading basics: What is Interest Buy/Sell in the trading costs?
FAQ / Trading basics:  In trading, interest in the context of buy/sell costs refers to the fees associated with holding leveraged positions overnight. When you hold a leveraged position beyond the trading day, a daily interest charge is applied. This interest is calculated based on the opening price, position volume, and the applicable interest rate. These interest charges can vary and may change without prior notice. 
&#33000294189|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Trading basics What is the minimum deposit required to open a StocksTrader account?
FAQ / Trading basics: What is the minimum deposit required to open a StocksTrader account?
FAQ / Trading basics:  The minimum deposit for a StocksTrader account is 100 USD/EUR or its equivalent in another currency. However, it's important to note that you must have enough balance in your account to cover the orders you wish to place.  
&#33000294191|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform How can I withdraw funds from my trading account?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: How can I withdraw funds from my trading account?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  You can withdraw funds from your account in your Members Area. To do this:  1. Go to "Withdraw Funds".    2. Make sure that the active account in your Members Area is the one you want to withdraw funds from.  3. Choose the payment system from the list of available withdrawal options.  4. Click "Go to".  Depending on the chosen payment system, you may be asked to specify some additional information on the next page to create a withdrawal application.     Please note that withdrawal applications are processed by the Company within two business days from 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM (EET).     In case of any questions at any step of the withdrawal procedure, please contact our Live Support. 
&#33000290518|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform What is the company’s commission for withdrawal of funds?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: What is the company’s commission for withdrawal of funds?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  The commission for fund withdrawals depends on the terms and conditions of the brokerage company where the StocksTrader platform operates.  We recommend reviewing the withdrawal fees and conditions directly on your broker’s website or contacting their support team for detailed information. 
&#33000290520|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform Which browser is best to choose for the web version of the platform?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: Which browser is best to choose for the web version of the platform?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  We recommend using the latest version or a previous version of Google Chrome. You can also use other browsers, but display errors may occur. 
&#33000290522|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform How to open real trading account
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: How to open real trading account
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  A. Web platform StocksTrader  1. Go to StocksTrader platform  2. Choose Manage accounts >> Open real account.               3. Choose accounting model (netting or hedging, currency (USD or EUR), leverage (1:20, 1:10, 1:4, 1:1) and affiliate code (if applicable). Tap "Confirm".          4. Choose "Deposit" and deposit funds in your Members Area.          B. Members Area (directly)  1. Go to Members Area site.  2. Sign in with the same credentials you’ve gotten after registration in StocksTrader platform.          3. Choose Accounts >> Real account >> Hedging or Netting system >> Leverage >> Confirm.           C. Members Area (redirect from StocksTrader platform)  1. Open StocksTrader platform.  2. Choose any option that redirects you to Members Area:  a. Deposit  b. Withdrawal  c. Transfer  d. Profile settings >> Edit Phone, E-mail, Last name, First name                    3. You will be redirected and authorised in Members Area automatically.  4. Choose Accounts >> Real account >> Hedging or Netting system >> Leverage >>  Confirm.         
&#33000291105|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform Who owns StocksTrader?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: Who owns StocksTrader?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  StocksTrader is owned by an international group of companies specializing in the development and provision of advanced online trading solutions. 
&#33000293505|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform I have a RoboForex account. Do I need to sign up again for StocksTrader?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: I have a RoboForex account. Do I need to sign up again for StocksTrader?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  If you already have a RoboForex account, you may use your Members Area login credentials to log in to StocksTrader platform. To be able to use the platform, you would need to have a StocksTrader-based account in your Members Area. It can be opened via the Members Area website or right in the platform.  
&#33000293963|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform How can I change the leverage on my StocksTrader account?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: How can I change the leverage on my StocksTrader account?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  While it is not possible to change the leverage for an existing StocksTrader account, you are able to open a new StocksTrader account with the desired leverage. To do so, follow these steps:      1. Log in to your Members Area using the credentials you received after registration.   2. Navigate to "Accounts."   3. Select "Real account" or "Demo account".   4. Choose your preferred accounting model (Hedging or Netting).   5. Select the desired leverage option.   6. Confirm your changes.      Keep in mind that leverage varies based on instruments, account type, and client status.      The highest leverage offered on StocksTrader accounts is 1:20, it is for US stocks and CFDs on US stocks. For currencies, the leverage is fixed at 1:500. For CFDs on indices, the leverage is 1:100, and for CFDs on metals, it can be as high as 1:500 for XAUUSD. Leverage varies depending on the liquidity of the instrument and the specific account settings. It also is important to point out that trading CFDs may not be available with your broker, make sure to contact customer support to check the availability of specific trading instruments.      Useful links:     How to open demo trading account   How to open real trading account 
&#33000293969|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform I can't find my account credentials—what should I do?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: I can't find my account credentials—what should I do?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  Account credentials are typically sent to your e-mail address right after account opening. Make sure to check "Spam" and other folders in your mailbox to find the letter. However, if you ever changed your password, the password from the e-mail may not be relevant any longer. If you are having difficulties finding the account credentials, contact your broker's customer support. 
&#33000293982|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform How do I trade real stocks instead of CFDs on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: How do I trade real stocks instead of CFDs on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  To buy stocks, you can do so through the StocksTrader platform by selecting the option to buy real stocks instead of CFDs if this is available for your region. If it is available, you can see the real stocks under tickers ending with exchange, e.g. .nq or .ny. for US stocks. You can use StocksTrader account with leverage 1:1 if you prefer to trade without borrowing funds.      While it is not possible to change the leverage for an existing StocksTrader account, you are able to open a new StocksTrader account with the desired leverage. To do so, follow these steps:      1. Log in to your Members Area using the credentials you received after registration.   2. Navigate to "Accounts."   3. Select "Real account" or "Demo account".   4. Choose your preferred accounting model (Hedging or Netting).   5. Select the desired leverage option.   6. Confirm your changes.      Useful links:     How to open real trading account  How to open demo trading account        
&#33000293985|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform What is the minimum balance required to buy shares?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: What is the minimum balance required to buy shares?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  There is no specific minimum balance required to buy shares. 
&#33000293986|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform Can I buy real stocks with leverage on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: Can I buy real stocks with leverage on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  Yes, it is possible to buy real stocks with leverage on the StocksTrader platform. You can choose different leverage ratios based on your account type and preferences. Leverage does not have to be 1:1, you can select higher leverage ratios depending on the financial instruments you are trading.      Make sure to open contract specifications to check whether higher leverage is available for the specific instrument you are interested in. However, it's important to note that using leverage increases both potential gains and risks.  
&#33000293987|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform Why am I having trouble depositing funds into my account?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: Why am I having trouble depositing funds into my account?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  If you are experiencing issues with making a deposit, please check the following:     1. Ensure you are using the correct payment method.  2. Verify that your account is fully verified and active.  3. Confirm that there are no restrictions on your account.     If the issue persists after checking the above, please contact your broker’s customer support for further assistance. 
&#33000293989|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform How can I manage my accounts and set up report preferences in the Members Area?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: How can I manage my accounts and set up report preferences in the Members Area?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  You can find the account management section in the Members Area by navigating to the "Accounts" section. From there, select "My accounts" to see the list of your accounts. Tick the checkbox near the accounts you wish to receive the reports for and click "Save".  
&#33000293990|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform How do I register in the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: How do I register in the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  To register, you will need to follow these steps:      1. Open StocksTrader platform.   2. Click "Sign up".   3. Enter your name, surname and phone number.   4. Enter partner code if applicable.   5. Confirm your agreement with terms and conditions.      Note:    If you’re unable to complete the phone number field during registration, please make sure you’re entering it in the correct international format, including the country code.   If you see the message "Registration in the country with this calling code is not available," try registering via the Members Area website — the same phone number may work there. You can follow similar steps to sign up. If you're still having trouble, we recommend contacting your broker’s customer support.  
&#33000293991|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform How can I delete an account - demo or a real one?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: How can I delete an account - demo or a real one?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  In the StocksTrader (web or mobile platform), it is only possible to hide the account so that it is not displayed in the main list. To hide an account (either demo or real) on the StocksTrader platform, follow these steps:     1. Log in to the StocksTrader platform.  2. Navigate to "Manage accounts" section   3. Choose the account you wish to hide.  4. Tap on the three dots across the account you wish to hide   5. Click "Hide".      Web terminal:          Mobile app:            It is also possible to deactivate an account using your Members Area website by going to "My accounts" section and clicking on "Yes" in the "Active" column. 
&#33000293992|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform Can I use my MetaTrader account in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: Can I use my MetaTrader account in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  MetaTrader is a separate trading terminal, it is not technically possible to use MetaTrader accounts in StocksTrader at the moment. It is recommended to contact your broker's customer support or the software developer with questions about MetaTrader.  
&#33000293995|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform How to transfer funds between accounts on StocksTrader
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: How to transfer funds between accounts on StocksTrader
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  To transfer funds between your accounts, follow these steps:      1. Log into your Members Area on the broker's website.   2. Ensure that the active account is the one you want to transfer funds from.   3. Go to Funds, select Internal Transfers.   4. Select the destination account where you want the funds to be transferred.   5. Enter the amount you wish to transfer and confirm the transaction.  
&#33000294017|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform What is the server time zone?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: What is the server time zone?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  The server time corresponds to the EET timezone. EET (Eastern European Time) is UTC+2, and during daylight saving time (DST), it shifts to EEST (UTC+3), typically from late March to late October.  
&#33000294021|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform Do you offer white label solutions?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: Do you offer white label solutions?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  Currently, we do not offer white label solutions. However, you may also check with your broker's customer support for additional confirmation.  
&#33000294023|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform What should I do if I can’t access my account due to two-factor authentication?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: What should I do if I can’t access my account due to two-factor authentication?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  To resolve the issue, please contact your broker's customer support for assistance in regaining access to your account. They can guide you through the process of verifying your identity and resetting your two-factor authentication. 
&#33000294024|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform Can I change the currency of my trading account after it’s been created?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: Can I change the currency of my trading account after it’s been created?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  The currency of a trading account cannot be changed once the account has been created. If you'd like to use a different currency, you’re welcome to open a new trading account and choose your preferred currency from the available options. 
&#33000294039|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform What should I do if I receive an "invalid login credentials" error when logging in to StocksTrader?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: What should I do if I receive an "invalid login credentials" error when logging in to StocksTrader?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  To resolve the issue with invalid login credentials, please ensure that you are entering the correct username and password. Your username is typically your e-mail address associated with your account. Enter your e-mail of Members Area and the password of your Members Area to log in StocksTrader. If you have changed your password multiple times, make sure you are using the most recent one. Ensure you change the Members Area password, not StocksTrader account password.      If you continue to experience difficulties, consider resetting your password again through the "Forgot Password?" option on the login page. If the problem persists, please reach out to customer support for further assistance. 
&#33000294041|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform How do I log in to the Members Area?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: How do I log in to the Members Area?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  To log in to the Members Area, follow these steps:     1. Open the Members Area website.   2. Enter your registered e-mail address and password.   3. Click "Sign in" to access your Members Area.     If you encounter any issues, please ensure that your login credentials are correct.  
&#33000294058|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform Where can I find and access the trading platforms offered by RoboMarkets?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: Where can I find and access the trading platforms offered by RoboMarkets?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  You can find the link to the trading platforms offered by RoboMarkets by visiting the official RoboMarkets website. Once there, you can navigate to the page with all the platforms. If you already have a RoboMarkets account, you can also log in using your Members Area credentials. 
&#33000294060|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform How do I log out of my account in the StocksTrader app and web platform?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: How do I log out of my account in the StocksTrader app and web platform?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  To log out of your account in the mobile app, you need to follow these steps:      1. Open the app and go to the "More" section.   2. Find the "General settings".   3. Tap "Logout".      To log out of your account in the web platform, you need to follow these steps:      Go to Settings in the top right corner and make sure "Remember last credentials for login" is turned off. This ensures that your login details won't be saved, so you'll be automatically logged out when you close the page. 
&#33000294199|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform Full swap-free account
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: Full swap-free account
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  What is a full swap-free account?  A full swap-free account allows you to trade without paying overnight swap fees (Interest) on eligible instruments, giving you the flexibility to hold positions as long as needed without additional costs affecting your profits. With transparent conditions and no hidden fees, this account type is ideal for all traders, including those using long-term strategies or algorithmic trading.  How do I know if a full swap-free account is available to me?  During the account creation process in the StockTrader platform, you’ll be able to choose whether or not to enable the full swap-free account option. If this option is available to you, a checkbox labeled full swap-free account will appear — simply tick it if you’d like to use this feature. If the checkbox does not appear, the option is not available for your account type or region. Please note that full swap-free applies only to a specific set of instruments. If you have questions about availability, feel free to contact your broker’s support team.  Rules for provision of full swap-free     1. Service overview      Full swap-free is a service that eliminates the accrual of overnight swaps on a client’s trading accounts for certain instruments and regions where the functionality is applicable. By participating in the full swap-free program, the client agrees unconditionally to these rules.    2. Eligibility and activation    Full swap-free is available only to clients who qualify under specific company criteria. This includes no history of abusing the program. Clients can check their eligibility status in the Benefits section of their Personal Account.  The full swap-free option can only be applied to newly created trading accounts. It cannot be manually added to existing accounts.  The list of eligible instruments is defined by the company and may be updated at any time.  The program is intended solely for standard market trading strategies. Using it exclusively to benefit from the lack of swaps—such as through speculative strategies—may result in disqualification.    3. Disqualification    The company reserves the right to revoke a client’s qualification and block the reactivation of the full swap-free status.  Once disqualified, all of the client’s trading accounts will lose full swap-free status. Starting from the disqualification date, standard swap conditions will apply to all positions.   4. Notifications      All changes related to the activation, deactivation, or modification of the client’s full swap-free status are communicated via e-mail to the registered address. Clients can always view their current status in the Benefits section of their Personal Account.    5. Changes to the program   The company reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, or duration of the full swap-free program. Clients will be notified of any such updates in advance. 
&#33000294428|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform How can I transfer funds from my wallet to a trading account in the StocksTrader app on an iPad?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: How can I transfer funds from my wallet to a trading account in the StocksTrader app on an iPad?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  To transfer funds from your wallet to a trading account using the StocksTrader app on an iPad, follow these steps:      1. Login StocksTrader mobile application.   2. Navigate to the "More" section within the app and tap "Members Area" icon.   3. Go to Funds, Internal Transfers in your Members Area.   4. Select your trading account as the destination for the transfer and your wallet to transfer funds from.   5. Enter the amount you wish to transfer from your wallet.   6. Confirm the transaction to complete the transfer.  
&#33000294450|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform Do I need to find or enter a server to log in to StocksTrader?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: Do I need to find or enter a server to log in to StocksTrader?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  To login StocksTrader there is no need to enter the server. Simply enter your e-mail address associated with Members Area and the password of your Members Area. 
&#33000294453|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform Does StocksTrader support RAMM accounts?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: Does StocksTrader support RAMM accounts?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  StocksTrader does not offer RAMM accounts. 
&#33000294454|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Accounts & Platform What should I do if my credit card has expired and I want to withdraw funds?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform: What should I do if my credit card has expired and I want to withdraw funds?
FAQ / Accounts & Platform:  If your credit card has expired, I recommend contact your broker's customer support for further guidance regarding funds withdrawal.  
&#33000294455|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Is premarket trading available on StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features: Is premarket trading available on StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features:  Trading is available only during market hours.             
&#33000290484|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Does StocksTrader offer cryptocurrency trading?
FAQ / Platform features: Does StocksTrader offer cryptocurrency trading?
FAQ / Platform features:  StocksTrader does not currently offer cryptocurrency trading. While the platform provides a wide range of financial instruments, including stocks, ETFs, and forex, it does not support the buying, selling, or trading of cryptocurrencies at this time. 
&#33000292623|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How to trade via TradingView with your StocksTrader account
FAQ / Platform features: How to trade via TradingView with your StocksTrader account
FAQ / Platform features:  StocksTrader clients can trade directly from TradingView. This step-by-step guide explains how to link your account and place orders from the platform.     Conditions and restrictions   Available only for StocksTrader accounts.  Currently, US stocks and ETFs, as well as EU, UK, and Swiss stocks and ETFs, are supported.  Only the web version of TradingView is available (mobile support will be added later).   Step-by-step guide     1. Go to TradingView. Open TradingView and select RoboMarkets in the Trading Panel.          2. Log in to StocksTrader   If you already have an account, log in to the StocksTrader platform on our landing page.  If you don’t have an account yet, complete the registration process.        3. Authorize trading access via StocksTrader. After logging in to StocksTrader, you will be automatically redirected to TradingView.     4. Select a trading instrument. Use the search function in TradingView to find the stock or ETF you want to trade.     5. Place an order. Set your order parameters (volume, order type, etc.) and confirm your trade.     The availability of TradingView may depend on the trading conditions of the broker you are working with. We recommend contacting the customer support of your broker to check the availability of TradingView integration. 
&#33000293343|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How to close an open position in the web terminal
FAQ / Platform features: How to close an open position in the web terminal
FAQ / Platform features:  1. Open the "Positions" tab.     2. Tap on the Unrealised P/L that is located under "Net (USD)".      3. In the window that opens, click on "Close deal".                For pending orders, you can cancel them before they are filled by clicking the small X button. Make sure to check the status of your orders in the "Trade Blotter" tab for confirmation of the closure.    
&#33000293556|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Where can I find my portfolio size at a certain date?
FAQ / Platform features: Where can I find my portfolio size at a certain date?
FAQ / Platform features:  It is not possible to see portfolio size at a certain date. These details are typically available in the report if you have open trades at the moment of report generation, and the report shows them in the state at the moment when the report was generated.     Useful link:     Downloading reports from StocksTrader        
&#33000293967|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Does StocksTrader web platform and app have a dark mode?
FAQ / Platform features: Does StocksTrader web platform and app have a dark mode?
FAQ / Platform features:  The StocksTrader platform (web and app) currently does not have a dedicated dark mode feature for its web terminal. However, users can adjust their browser settings or use browser extensions that enable dark mode for all websites. This can help reduce eye strain and improve readability in low-light environments. 
&#33000293970|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How can I hide all panels and tabs to view only the chart in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features: How can I hide all panels and tabs to view only the chart in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features:  In the Mobile App      To hide all indicators and view only the chart, tap the small square icon located in the top-left corner of the chart. This action will remove extra elements from the screen, giving you a full-screen chart view for better analysis on the go.          In the Web Terminal      Click the “Chart maximise/minimise” button above the chart, closer to the middle of the screen. This will collapse all panels and tabs, allowing you to focus solely on the chart.         
&#33000293973|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Can I hide dividends and other corporate events from the chart in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features: Can I hide dividends and other corporate events from the chart in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features:  It is not possible to remove the display of dividends and other corporate events from the chart. 
&#33000293975|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Can I customize the display of balance, equity, and free margin in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features: Can I customize the display of balance, equity, and free margin in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features:  It is not possible to customize the display of such parameters as balance, equity, free margin. 
&#33000293976|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How can I delete a chart window or change the chart layout in the StocksTrader web terminal?
FAQ / Platform features: How can I delete a chart window or change the chart layout in the StocksTrader web terminal?
FAQ / Platform features:  To delete a chart window and change the display of charts in the StocksTrader web terminal, click the button "Charts layout" located above the chart, to the right of the search bar, and choose the desired layout.        
&#33000293977|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How can I add and customize technical indicators on the trading platform?
FAQ / Platform features: How can I add and customize technical indicators on the trading platform?
FAQ / Platform features:  To set up an indicator in the web trading platform, you can follow these steps:      1. Open a financial instrument to start exploring the chart.   2. Make a right-click on the chart, open "Indicators" menu and choose the desired category of indicators, then the indicator itself.      Use the search field to find the desired indicator or browse the list below.      Alternatively, click the "Technical indicators" button located above the chart, choose the desired category of indicators, then the indicator itself.      To edit a technical indicator, right-click on the chart, open "Objects" menu, click on the indicator you wish to edit. You can also add multiple indicators and adjust their parameters to suit your trading strategy.     Useful links:     Working with charts  Charts in the app          
&#33000293984|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Can I set Stop Loss or Take Profit when placing a trade via TradingView?
FAQ / Platform features: Can I set Stop Loss or Take Profit when placing a trade via TradingView?
FAQ / Platform features:  It is currently not possible to specify Stop Loss or Take Profit level when placing a trade through TradingView. However, once the trades are placed through TradingView, you are able to modify them through StocksTrader and add SL or TP.  
&#33000293993|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How do I remove a trend indicator from a chart in StocksTrader web terminal?
FAQ / Platform features: How do I remove a trend indicator from a chart in StocksTrader web terminal?
FAQ / Platform features:  To remove a trend indicator from your chart in StocksTrader, follow these steps:     1. Open the chart where the trend indicator is applied.  2. Locate the trend indicator you wish to remove and move your mouse cursor to it.   3. Click the garbage can icon in the top right corner of the indicator window.           Alternatively, right-click on the chart, go to "Objects" section of the menu, click the X icon to remove the indicator.      
&#33000293994|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How can I disable all the CFDs?
FAQ / Platform features: How can I disable all the CFDs?
FAQ / Platform features:  It is currently not possible to hide some instruments from contract specifications. However, you may reach out to your broker's customer support to check if this option may be available in the future or if they can assist you with removing certain instruments.  
&#33000293997|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Can I install the StocksTrader platform on my PC?
FAQ / Platform features: Can I install the StocksTrader platform on my PC?
FAQ / Platform features:  StocksTrader platform is available as a mobile app and as a web-platform accessed via browser. It cannot be downloaded and installed to your PC. 
&#33000294000|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Can I download a CSV file of the Depth of Market in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features: Can I download a CSV file of the Depth of Market in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features:  Unfortunately, it is not possible to download CVS of Depth of the Market data. You can view the information directly in the platform. 
&#33000294019|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How can I create and manage custom watchlists in the StocksTrader app?
FAQ / Platform features: How can I create and manage custom watchlists in the StocksTrader app?
FAQ / Platform features:  To change or add instruments to your watchlist, follow these steps:      1. Go to the "More" tab in the StocksTrader app.   2. Select Services > Watchlists.  3. Tap the menu to view all your watchlists, including Custom Watchlists.   4. To create a new custom watchlist, tap on "+" and enter a name for it, then tap "Create."      To add specific instruments to your custom watchlist, use the Search feature and apply filters if needed. You can filter by Type (Currencies, Stocks, Futures, Metals, ETFs, Indices, Oil), Country, or Instruments allowed for CopyFX. You can also choose instruments from the "Most Popular" and "History" lists.      To edit your custom watchlist, you can add or remove instruments and sort them either automatically by name or manually using drag-and-drop. You can manage your Watchlists via the browser version by logging in and navigating to the right sidebar panel.   The watchlists include both user-created (Custom) and system-generated (Default) lists.      Users can create, edit, and delete Custom watchlists as needed. The Watchlist tool window features a symbol list column and three user-configurable data columns. The symbol list can also be sorted alphabetically for easier navigation.      Useful links:     Watchlists  How to manage watchlists in the app        
&#33000294020|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How can I delete lines from the chart?
FAQ / Platform features: How can I delete lines from the chart?
FAQ / Platform features:  To delete lines in the price chart, you can follow these steps:      1. Right-click on the chart.   2. A context menu will appear where you can go to the "Objects" section and click on the X icon across the object you'd like to remove.      Alternatively, you can select the line and press the Delete key on your keyboard. 
&#33000294022|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Where can I find automated strategies on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Platform features: Where can I find automated strategies on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Platform features:  Automated strategies are available in the strategies section of the StocksTrader platform. To find them, go to the current positions window at the bottom of the screen. There you will find the "Strategies" tab, which will display the available automated strategies and allow you to create your own. Make sure you're using a hedge trading account to access this feature.       
&#33000294025|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Where can I find the "Top Gainers" section on the StocksTrader web platform?
FAQ / Platform features: Where can I find the "Top Gainers" section on the StocksTrader web platform?
FAQ / Platform features:  The "Top Gainers" section can be found in the right-side menu of the StocksTrader web platform, just below the Sell and Buy buttons. To access it, click on the current watchlist and select Top Gainers from the list of default watchlists.        
&#33000294026|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Does the StocksTrader platform offer price alerts?
FAQ / Platform features: Does the StocksTrader platform offer price alerts?
FAQ / Platform features:  Unfortunately, the StocksTrader platform does not currently offer price alerts. 
&#33000294027|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How can I change the font size in the StocksTrader web terminal?
FAQ / Platform features: How can I change the font size in the StocksTrader web terminal?
FAQ / Platform features:  You can customize your experience in the StocksTrader web terminal, including adjusting settings related to the interface. However, specific font settings are not available. You may only increase the font size by zooming in on the page. This can be done by pressing Ctrl and +, for example.  
&#33000294028|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How can I set up and customize the MACD indicator on the chart in StocksTrader web terminal?
FAQ / Platform features: How can I set up and customize the MACD indicator on the chart in StocksTrader web terminal?
FAQ / Platform features:  To set up the MACD indicator, follow these steps:      1. Click "Technical indicators" button and select the desired indicator from the list to attach it to the chart.   2. Click the "Objects" button above the chart.   3. Click on MACD in the list of attached objects.   4. Set the necessary parameters for MACD, such as the period for the fast and slow moving average, as well as the signal.   5. Save the settings and apply the indicator to your chart.      The same steps apply when setting up other indicators. 
&#33000294029|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Is the DMA indicator available on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Platform features: Is the DMA indicator available on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Platform features:  DMA indicator is not available in the StocksTrader platform. To check out the list of available indicators, click the "Technical indicators" button located at the top of the chart.  
&#33000294030|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Can I add custom timeframes to my favorites in the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Platform features: Can I add custom timeframes to my favorites in the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Platform features:  It is currently not possible to add specific timeframes to your favorites. However, you can select and customize the default timeframes in the StocksTrader web terminal. To add custom timeframes, follow these steps:      1. Select the timeframe button.   2. Scroll down to set up your custom timeframe.   3. Select the desired value—in this case, 5 minutes and 1 hour.   4. Save your custom timeframe by pressing the "OK" button.      These custom timeframes will then appear under the default options.  
&#33000294031|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Do you have market depth for forex pairs?
FAQ / Platform features: Do you have market depth for forex pairs?
FAQ / Platform features:  Market Depth and Time & Sales features are not available for forex pairs. 
&#33000294033|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Can I hide “Close only” instruments in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features: Can I hide “Close only” instruments in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Platform features:  The StocksTrader platform currently does not provide an option to hide the display of those assets which are in "Close only" mode or which are unavailable due to other reasons.  
&#33000294034|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features How can I resize and customize the chart in StocksTrader web terminal?
FAQ / Platform features: How can I resize and customize the chart in StocksTrader web terminal?
FAQ / Platform features:  You can resize the chart by clicking the "Chart Maximise/Minimise" button located above the chart, near the center.      Additionally, you can hide the right sidebar and drag the bottom edge of the chart to expand or shrink it as needed.      You can also adjust the chart settings to change the visual appearance, such as line thickness and colors, which may also affect how the chart is perceived in size. 
&#33000294035|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Is options trading (Call or Put) available on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Platform features: Is options trading (Call or Put) available on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Platform features:  Options trading is not available on the StocksTrader platform, we do not offer Call or Put options at this time. 
&#33000294040|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Platform features Where can I find the Time & Sales section in the StocksTrader web platform?
FAQ / Platform features: Where can I find the Time & Sales section in the StocksTrader web platform?
FAQ / Platform features:  The Time & Sales section is available in the right-side panel of the web platform. To access it, click the field located below Help & Info — it's represented by an icon with three lines and an arrow. Then, look for the section labeled Time & Sales.      
&#33000294044|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Strategy Builder Testing strategies
FAQ / Strategy Builder: Testing strategies
FAQ / Strategy Builder:  Question: Why is the backtesting drawdown exceeding my current account balance?     Answer: Backtest takes into account only the compiled algorithm, the order volume, as well as the Stop Loss and Take Profit values.In order to determine approximately what deposit requirements the strategy requires, you need to consider the number of simultaneously open transactions, the price of the instrument, as well as the maximum drawdown based on the results of the backtest.    
&#33000209737|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Strategy Builder For running a strategy 
FAQ / Strategy Builder: For running a strategy 
FAQ / Strategy Builder:  Question: Do I need to keep the terminal open so that the strategy works?     Answer: The launched strategy will work even when the terminal is off. All data is in the "cloud", thus it is not necessary for the strategy to constantly keep the terminal in online mode.    
&#33000209740|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Strategy Builder How can I create a strategy and add a description in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Strategy Builder: How can I create a strategy and add a description in StocksTrader?
FAQ / Strategy Builder:  To create a strategy and add a description, follow these steps:      1. Click the "Strategies" tab in the account summary.   2. Go to "My Strategies" and click "Add New Strategy" under the list of existing strategies.   3. Name your new strategy and click "Next."   4. In the next step, you can assign a description to the strategy. Each strategy supports descriptions in multiple languages. Select your language and write a description of your strategy's functionality. The description will help you keep track of your strategies through notes.   5. Set up the rules and other parameters for your strategy.      Read more here. 
&#33000294053|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Affiliate program How to become an affiliate
FAQ / Affiliate program: How to become an affiliate
FAQ / Affiliate program:  To become an affiliate, you must follow the steps to open a real account on the platform. If you are using the StocksTrader mobile application, go to the "More" section and select "Manage accounts". Then choose "Open real account". During the process, you will have the option to enter an affiliate code, if you have one.      In case you are using StocksTrader web version, go to "Manage accounts" section in the side-menu, click "Open real account". You will have the option to enter a partner code here. As for becoming a partner yourself, please visit your Members Area and use the option to open a partner account if it is available to you.     Useful link:     How to open real trading account 
&#33000293962|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Affiliate program How can I receive an affiliate code?
FAQ / Affiliate program: How can I receive an affiliate code?
FAQ / Affiliate program:  Keep in mind that Partner code is an optional field that you do not need to enter if you don't have any. If you wish to participate in a Partner program of your broker, please contact the broker's customer support. 
&#33000294200|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Affiliate program Can a referral code be added after the first deposit?
FAQ / Affiliate program: Can a referral code be added after the first deposit?
FAQ / Affiliate program:  To include your referral code after the initial deposit, referral should contact customer support directly. They will provide guidance on whether it's possible to retroactively apply the referral code to the account.  
&#33000294201|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Copy trading How can I offer my trades for copying on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Copy trading: How can I offer my trades for copying on the StocksTrader platform?
FAQ / Copy trading:  If you would like to offer your trades for copying via the StocksTrader platform, follow these steps:      1. Ensure your account is a hedging one. If it is a netting account, you will need to open a hedging account.   2. Make sure your account is funded by depositing money using one of the available payment systems.   3. Open the StocksTrader app on your mobile device.   4. Create subscription conditions by going to tab "CopyFX" -> "My strategy".   5. Choose an instrument that is available for copying.   6. Start trading actively to maintain your position at the top of the list.   7. Monitor the detailed statistics of your account to track performance.     The availability of Copy trading may depend on the trading conditions of the broker you are working with. We recommend contacting the customer support of your broker to check the availability of Copy trading for your account.     Useful link:     How to become a CopyFX trader on StocksTrader  How to set up a "Performance Fee" commission scheme for a trader    
&#33000293981|help.stockstrader.com&#

# FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) / Copy trading How can I find the Subscriptions section in the StocksTrader mobile app?
FAQ / Copy trading: How can I find the Subscriptions section in the StocksTrader mobile app?
FAQ / Copy trading:  In the StocksTrader mobile app, go to the CopyFX section located at the bottom of the screen, then select the Subscriptions tab. 
&#33000294452|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Charts & Tools Tick charts
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools: Tick charts
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools:  What is a Tick? Tick refers to one change in quotes to any of the side or a trade in the market. Most importantly, there should be at least some movement. In the case when the quote changes by 1 point, a tick occurs, just like when the quote jumped 1 point up.     Tick chart allows you to feel the pulse of the market, better analyze and trade short-term trading strategies.             Tick-by-tick charts are available to customers: bid, ask, trades.     You can also aggregate ticks into candles / bars and build a chart from a given number of ticks: 2, 3, 4, 10, etc.           The aggregated type of chart is built after the completion of a certain number of trades (ticks). This type of aggregation can be used on intraday charts with an interval of no more than 5 days. For example, the histogram above displays the price action, determining the opening, maximum, minimum and closing prices each time the number of trades becomes equal to 155. In Charts, users are free to specify any number for aggregating ticks from: 1 to 10,000.  
&#33000249173|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Charts & Tools Working with charts in web terminal
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools: Working with charts in web terminal
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools:  The central part of the desktop is taken up by charts.               1. The button allows you to link all charts so you see the same financial instrument in all charts at the same time.       2. Search for and choose instruments.                 3. Select the number and position of chart windows.              4. Select a timeframe.            5. Chart type (candlesticks, bars, lines, areas, Heikin-Ashi).            6. Add new instruments to the current chart to compare dynamics.             7. Add a technical indicator to the chart.            8. Choose or delete objects on a price chart.             9. Expand the chart to full screen.     10. Set up chart view. Read more about it here.     11. Cursor, ruler, or crosshair. Click on the small triangle in the lower right corner of the button to choose.                12. Lines. Click on the small triangle in the lower right corner of the button to choose.              13. Channels. Click on the small triangle in the lower right corner of the button to choose.            14. Fibonacci instruments. Click on the small triangle in the lower right corner of the button to choose.           15. Waves. Click on the small triangle in the lower right corner of the button to choose.            16. Geometric figures. Click on the small triangle in the lower right corner of the button to choose.            17. Arrows and price footnote. Click on the small triangle in the lower right corner of the button to choose.            18. Insert text on chart, notes.           19. Choose the colour of lines, figures, text.           Also, in the upper left corner of the chart, there is a small square. Click it to expand/fold-in price parameters (open, high, low, close) and indicator values. Right-click on the chart in any place to open a window with functions from the upper board.                   
&#33000290918|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Charts & Tools Properties (chart settings)
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools: Properties (chart settings)
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools:  Description of chart settings     1. Candles tab  Settings for the chart type – Candles           Up color (Candle color up)  Down color (Candle color down)  Up border (Candle border up)  Down border (Candle border down)      2. Bars tab  Settings for the chart type - Bars         Width (Line thickness selection)  Color (Сolor selection)      3. Line tab  Settings for the chart type - Line           Dash (Line style)  Apply (setting the calculation method when displaying the chart: Close, Open, High, Low, HL / 2, etc.)  Width (Line thickness selection)  Color (Сolor selection)      4. Area tab  Settings for the chart type - Area       Dash (Line style)  Apply (setting the calculation method when displaying the chart: Close, Open, High, Low, HL / 2, etc.)  Width (Line thickness selection)  Color (Сolor selection)  Fill color (Area fill color)      5. Annotations tab     Price level display settings for all chart types       Bid (display the Bid price level)  Ask (display the Ask price level)  Bid color (color of the Bid price level)  Ask color (color of the Ask price level)      6. Style tab  Style settings for all types of charts       Plot color (background color selection)  Grid color (choice of grid color)  Text color (choice of text color on the price scale)  Cursor label color (cursor label color on the price scale)  Ruler fill (select the color of the filled area of the ruler)  Quote sessions (activation of the trading session separator line)  Legend (chart data: instrument, period, OHLC, indicators)  Show deals (show deals on the chart)  Axis color (choosing the color of the timeline border and the price on the chart)  Margin color (choosing the color of the time scale area and the price on the chart)  Cursor color (selection of the cursor line color)  Cursor text (selection of the cursor color on the price scale)   Sessions color (choosing the color of the line separator of the trading session)   Watermark (choosing the color of the watermark on the chart)  Show orders (show orders on the chart)      7. Volume tab  Volume indicator settings for all chart types         Show (show Volume on the chart)  Color (select the color of the indicator)      8. Tick tab  Chart settings – Ticks       Bid (display the Bid price level)  Ask (display the Ask price level)  Price (display of the Last price level; Last price is available for stocks and cryptocurrencies)  Bid color (color of the Bid price level)  Ask color (color of the Ask price level)  Price color (color of the Last price level)  
&#33000258070|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Charts & Tools How to set up custom timeframes in StocksTrader web terminal
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools: How to set up custom timeframes in StocksTrader web terminal
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools:  When analyzing the market, every second counts. Standard timeframes like 1 minute, 5 minutes, or 1 hour may not always align with your trading strategy. That’s where custom timeframes come in.     With StocksTrader's web terminal, you can tailor chart timeframes to match your unique trading approach. Whether you're a scalper needing precise short-term insights or a swing trader looking for optimized trend analysis, custom timeframes allow you to:   Adapt the chart to your strategy – fine-tune time intervals to see price movements more clearly.  Identify hidden patterns – discover trends that may not be visible on standard timeframes.  Improve decision-making – reduce noise or add more detail depending on your market perspective.   We’ll walk you through the steps to set up custom timeframes in StocksTrader:     1. Select the timeframe button. First, you'll see the standard default timeframes (1 tick, 1 minute, 1 day, etc.).          2. Scroll to the bottom to set up your custom timeframe. Select a value – number and interval:   T - tick  M - minute  H - hour  D - day  W - week  MN - month        3. Save your custom timeframe by pressing the "OK" button. It will then appear among the default options.          4. Delete a custom timeframe easily by pressing the X.            
&#33000293377|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Charts & Tools Erasing the background in Fibonacci retracement
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools: Erasing the background in Fibonacci retracement
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools:  When using the Fibonacci retracement tool in StocksTrader, the background color of the retracement levels can sometimes make the chart harder to read. To adjust this, you can use the Transparency option.     The Transparency setting is controlled by a slider that lets you fine-tune the visibility of the retracement background. By adjusting the slider, you can:   Make the background more transparent for a cleaner chart view.  Completely erase the background by setting transparency to 0%.   How to adjust transparency     1. Select the Fibonacci retracement tool on your chart.          2. Go to chart settings by right-clicking on the corner of the resulting figure. Select Levels, then adjust the transparency level at the bottom.         
&#33000293378|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Charts & Tools How to remove objects from the chart in the web terminal
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools: How to remove objects from the chart in the web terminal
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools:  If you need to remove any object added to the price chart — such as instruments, technical indicators, or graphic figures — select the “Objects” option above the chart. You can either delete objects individually or remove all of them at once.           ​
&#33000293681|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Charts & Tools How to save custom Fibonacci settings in StocksTrader
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools: How to save custom Fibonacci settings in StocksTrader
Web terminal overview / Charts & Tools:  To save your custom Fibonacci levels and colors in StocksTrader, you can follow these steps:      1. After adjusting your Fibonacci retracement levels and colors, open the side menu on the right (by clicking on the small arrow near the company's logo).  2. Find the drop-down menu, click on it and choose the option "New layout". You can then rename it, if needed. The new layout with the custom Fibonacci levels will be available in the menu.                 
&#33000294056|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Trading interface Depth of Market (DOM)
Web terminal overview / Trading interface: Depth of Market (DOM)
Web terminal overview / Trading interface:  Depth of Market (DOM) on the StocksTrader platform displays the Top of Book — the best available bid and ask prices for a trading instrument. This information helps you understand where buyers and sellers are currently positioned in the market.          Useful links:     How can I view Market Depth and recent trade activity on StocksTrader?  Do you have market depth for forex pairs? 
&#33000231144|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Trading interface Trading window
Web terminal overview / Trading interface: Trading window
Web terminal overview / Trading interface:  Trading window allows you to set: Market order, Stop order, Limit order.     Step-by-step guide:     1. Select side - SELL or BUY.     2. Select order type - Market order, Stop order, Limit order.     3. Select volume – Volume.     4. Set Take Profit and/or Stop Loss.  You can choose:        Absolute value (Price)   Buy = (Price - Current Ask)/tick_size  Sell = (Current Bid – Price)/tick_size     Value in (Pips).  By default Pips = 10.    Buy = Current Ask + Pips*tick_size  Sell = Current Bid - Pips*tick_size   5. Set up risk amount on your trade – Risk USD и Risk % (Stop Loss).  Risk USD and Risk % are risk parameters in account currency according to Equity.  Risk USD and Risk % depend on Volume and Pips.  Risk USD (absolute value in account currency)  Risk USD = Volume*Pips*tick_size   Risk % (relative value of risk to Equity in %)  Risk % = Risk USD/Equity              6. Expiration Time Availability (Buy Limit, Buy Stop, Sell Limit, Sell Stop):     Good Till Cancelled - Order will be valid immediately after setting until cancelled. Day Order - Order will remain until the end of trading day, in which case it will be cancelled if not triggered. End of Week - Order will be valid till the end of the week, which is Friday. End of Month - Order will be valid till the last Business day of the month. Select Date and Time - Personal Preference of chosen validity.          7. Edit deal TP/SL   Additional value is added when the deal will be closed according to the chosen price - Result in account currency. It will allow you to estimate your trading result.     Take Profit   Buy = (Take Profit Price – Entry Price) * Volume / Converted to account currency  Sell = (Entry Price - Take Profit Price) * Volume / Converted to account currency   Stop Loss   Buy = (Stop Loss Price – Entry Price) * Volume / Converted to account currency  Sell = (Entry Price – Stop Loss Price) * Volume / Converted to account currency  
&#33000243135|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Trading interface Watchlists
Web terminal overview / Trading interface: Watchlists
Web terminal overview / Trading interface:  Terminal section description - Watchlists     1. The main window of the section - Watchlists  All the main functional blocks of the section are presented here:   drop-down list of watchlists (Custom / Default watchlists)  symbol list window  search block by instrument  settings and editing of watchlists   All of these sections will be discussed in detail below.         2. Drop-down list of watchlists - Custom / Default watchlists     This list consists of user-created watchlists (Custom watchlists) and system watchlists (Default watchlists).     Custom watchlists can be created, modified and deleted by the user.  The default watchlists are set by the system and cannot be deleted or changed by the user.          3. Symbol list window     The tool window consists of a symbol list column and three user-configurable data columns.     Sorting alphabetically is available for the symbol list column.  The following values can be selected in the custom columns:   Ask  Bid  Spread  Last (Last Price)  Change  Change (%)  Volume   Sorting in ascending or descending order of the values for the selected column is also available.         4. Search block by instrument     The search box in watchlists works identically to the search in charts:   the "Magnifier" icon opens a search window for all available trading instruments  entering text in the search field forms a list of found matches           5. Settings and editing of watchlists     When you click on the settings button, a list of settings opens with which you can perform the following actions:         1. Create new watchlist - creates a new custom watchlist  2. Save watchlist as - creates a copy of the current watchlist under a new name  3. Rename watchlist - renames the current watchlist  4. Import - opens a dialog box for importing custom watchlists.      Import is possible in TXT and CSV formats.     The following spelling is accepted for download:   (txt) each value on a new line without separating characters  (txt) each value on a new line, separator ";"  (txt) each value on a new line can be separated by ";" and without it (mix)  (txt) list in one line, separator ";"  (txt) list in one line, separator ";" and "space"  (txt) list in one line, separator ","  (txt) a list in one line with "commas" and "spaces"  (csv) in one line with ";"  (csv) in a column named Ticker:  (csv) in a column without the name Ticker  (csv) in one line, each instrument in a separate cell   Examples of import lists.     RESTRICTIONS: it is impossible to load or add more than 200 records to one watchlist.     5. Delete - deletes user watchlist       
&#33000258771|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Trading interface The window of current positions
Web terminal overview / Trading interface: The window of current positions
Web terminal overview / Trading interface:  At the bottom of the desktop, there is a window demonstrating open positions and active pending orders. The window has several pages:          1. Positions – reflects all open positions.      2. Active orders – reflects all active pending orders.      3. History – demonstrates the trading history for a certain period.      4. Trade blotter (order log) – reflects all executed and cancelled orders.      5. Strategies (trading RoboBuilder) – demonstrates built-in popular automatic strategies, and allows creating your own.     6. Corporate events – demonstrates the list of past and planned important corporate events: annual reports, dividends, splits. Read about corporate events here.      7. Data representation menu. 
&#33000293122|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Trading interface Time & Sales
Web terminal overview / Trading interface: Time & Sales
Web terminal overview / Trading interface:  The most recent addition, enables users to view "Time & Sales" data of stock markets.           Information includes the time when the trade was executed, buy or sell indication, price and volume of the trade. This information tells you whether there are currently more buyers or sellers, and also what prices they are buying and selling at.          "Time & Sales" is available for some instruments (stocks and CFDs), but we do not provide it for currencies.    
&#33000231145|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Trading interface Top Gainers, Top Losers, Market Movers
Web terminal overview / Trading interface: Top Gainers, Top Losers, Market Movers
Web terminal overview / Trading interface:  The following watchlists are available in the trading platform by default: Top Gainers, Top Losers, Market Movers and Watchlist by Sector.          Top Gainers, Volume Leaders, Top Losers - this is a unique and powerful analytical tool with which you can calculate within a second the lists of various trading instruments that showed the highest growth (Top Gainers), the largest drop (Top Losers) and the largest volume (Volume Leaders) per selected time period (from 5 minutes to 1 day).     The intervals of 5 minutes, 30 minutes, 2 hours allow traders to evaluate the impulsive nature of the current candle. In volatile markets, it’s not enough to know whether the stock is moving up or down today, but how it moves every hour. It’s very useful for day traders who want to enter and exit stocks during the day.         1. Values for the Daily interval are calculated from 00:00 server time.      With the first quote after 00:00, all Daily Tops are re-calculated and the difference between the last current price and the last price of the previous session is calculated.     For example, TSLA daily top          and TSLA time and sales     651.66 Last daily price, 31-01 23:56:53  648.00 Last current price, 01-02 02:36:54  Change = 648.00 - 651.66 = -3.66  Change% = -3.66 / 651.66 x 100 = -0.56%   2. The values for the intervals 5 min, 30 min, 2h are calculated as follows:   Once a minute, the base price is updated.  The current price is updated with each quote.  With each new quote, the list of instruments for Top Gainers, Volume Leaders, and Top Losers is updated. The difference between the current price and the base price is calculated.  
&#33000249175|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Orders & Strategies "One-Click Trading" Service
Web terminal overview / Orders & Strategies: "One-Click Trading" Service
Web terminal overview / Orders & Strategies:  You need to enter and save your settings in "One-Click Trading" just once, and you will be able to open and close orders by a single mouse click.      How to set One-Click Trading     Click on SELL or BUY buttons to start activating "One-Click Trading" service. Then, press "Continue" to unlock the feature. From now on, you can open the position just by clicking on SELL or BUY buttons.     Elements of "One-Click Trading" window     Contract specifications:          Current market price:          Company's title (or currency pair), financial instrument and its type:          Change from the closing price of the previous trading session:          One-click SELL (bid price) and BUY (ask price) buttons:          Current spread:          Order volume:          Required margin amount. Margin is the amount of your balance that is initially withheld when you open a position. Unlike free margin, margin does not count unrealised profits/losses. When you close, or partially close, the position, the used margin will decrease proportionally:         
&#33000290445|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Orders & Strategies Placing pending orders in the web terminal
Web terminal overview / Orders & Strategies: Placing pending orders in the web terminal
Web terminal overview / Orders & Strategies:  1. You can place pending orders by using the Limit and Stop buttons on the trading panel. In the window that unfolds, choose the type of your order, trading direction, price, and volume.           2. An even easier way is put the cursor on the desired quotation on the price scale of the asset and click the "+" symbol that appears. If the quotation is above the current price, the program will suggest Buy Stop and Sell Limit orders to choose from. If the quotation is below the current price, choose between Sell Stop and Buy Limit.                3. Pending closing orders – Stop Loss and Take Profit – can be placed in the trading window from the start, or added later in the current position window in the T/P and S/L columns by the SET button.               
&#33000293138|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Orders & Strategies What is Trailing Stop and how does it work?
Web terminal overview / Orders & Strategies: What is Trailing Stop and how does it work?
Web terminal overview / Orders & Strategies:  Trailing Stop is a Stop Loss order that follows the price.      Using a Trailing Stop you minimize losses without having to limit your profits. When placing this type of order, you need to specify the price distance in the currency of the instrument. If the market moves in the direction you want, the stop order follows along and triggers only after the specified distance is passed against the desired movement.     How Trailing Stop works     For example, you may place a Trailing Stop order to buy with the price distance of 10 at the time when the share price was at $50 – Buy Trailing Stop 60. The market moves down by 2. Your order will follow it and will be automatically replaced at the new lower market price at the same price distance, that is, as the Buy Trailing Stop 58. Let’s say after that the price was increased by 4, meaning the market goes in a direction unfavorable to you. The bid will remain at the same level and the distance will be reduced to 6.      If the price continues to rise, and grows by 6 or more, the Trailing Stop triggers. If the price falls by less than 4, the order remains where it is. If the price falls even lower, the sliding stop will move to keep the distance of 10.     Depending on the instrument type the current price is:   last price, for Stocks  bid price for all other instruments with Buy direction  ask price for all other instruments with Sell direction   Setting up Trailing Stop in the terminal     You can activate a trailing stop by opening the trade editing window from the chart or the Positions tab. Simply check the Trailing Stop box and set the desired value.     To disable Trailing Stop just untick the box and click update.          Trailing Stop features   Setting or editing a Trailing Stop affect the SL value only upon the next price change.  Trailing Stop is a server side feature so it remains working even if the terminal is off.     
&#33000225527|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Orders & Strategies How to create an automatic strategy in StocksTrader
Web terminal overview / Orders & Strategies: How to create an automatic strategy in StocksTrader
Web terminal overview / Orders & Strategies:  Automated trading allows traders to execute their strategies efficiently, reducing the need for manual intervention. In StocksTrader, you have two main options to create an automatic strategy:     1. Strategy Builder – no coding required  If you prefer a no-code approach, you can use Strategy Builder to design and automate your trading strategy. This tool allows you to create rule-based strategies by selecting conditions and actions in a simple, visual interface.          Learn more about Strategy Builder here.      2. API integration  For advanced users, StocksTrader provides an API that enables full customization and automation of trading strategies. By integrating with our API, you can develop and execute your own algorithms, connect external tools, and implement complex trading logic.      Note: Market data streaming is not provided.          Learn more about API integration here.      Both options allow you to automate trading based on your strategy preferences. 
&#33000293466|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Platform info System requirements
Web terminal overview / Platform info: System requirements
Web terminal overview / Platform info:  Recommended for Desktop (Web)  OS  Browser  Screen resolution  Windows 7, 10   Latest version plus one previous version:   Chrome      From 1366*768  macOS   Latest version plus one previous version   Chrome      From 1366*768     Other: JavaScript, Cookies Enabled  Other browsers (Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Safari) can be used, but display errors may occur.     Supportable and browsers resolution for Mobile version (PWA)  OS  Latest version plus one previous version   Browser  Screen resolution (logical)   iOS:   Chrome   Safari    Smartphone  From 375*667   Android:   Chrome  Firefox    Tablet         From 768*1024       Recommended for Mobile Devices (iOS, Android)      Device / OS     Type  iPhone 7, iOS version from 12  Smartphone  iPad 5, iOS version from 11  Tablet  Android, version from 8.0        Incorrect display or operation of the Platform is possible if this is due to:   a feature of the behavior or error of the browser itself, recognized by the developer of this browser  a feature of behavior or an error of extensions and add-ons installed in the browser  the peculiarities of the behavior of third-party software that interacts with the browser (plugins, add-ons, etc.)     
&#33000279587|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Platform info How to view info on applied markup, daily interest, and currency conversion in the web terminal
Web terminal overview / Platform info: How to view info on applied markup, daily interest, and currency conversion in the web terminal
Web terminal overview / Platform info:  In the order form, you can view the cost of a deal based on order volume and price, adjusted for the buy/sell direction and the selected trading instrument. First, open the order form (choose Market, Limit, or Stop options). Clicking on the "i" icon opens an information window displaying calculated parameters based on the selected trading instrument.          The calculated parameters can include the following information (depending on the instrument):   Markup: The amount by which the Bid/Ask (Sell/Buy) prices are adjusted for clients. Read more about applied markup in this article.  Interest (daily): The charge for rolling a leveraged position overnight. Read more about interest in this article.  Currency conversion: If the instrument currency differs from the account currency.   These parameters are calculated at the moment a new order window is opened and are provided for informational purposes only.    
&#33000293053|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Platform info Downloading reports from StocksTrader
Web terminal overview / Platform info: Downloading reports from StocksTrader
Web terminal overview / Platform info:  In order to download a report, open "History" tab, click "Reports", choose the desired time period and file format. The report will then be automatically generated and sent to your e-mail.           If you are unable to download your reports, please ensure that you are using a compatible browser and that your internet connection is stable. You may also want to check if there are any restrictions or settings in your account that could be affecting the download process. If the issue persists, consider reaching out to customer support for further assistance.      Please note that statements usually include all transactions that have affected your balance.     StocksTrader account reports may be used for tax purposes. It is also possible that automatic account reports are periodically sent to your e-mail if this option is enabled for your accounts. The format of these reports may be different from the ones that can be generated in the trading terminal. It is advisable to reach out to your broker's customer support for checking what kind of automatic reports you are receiving and what data is displayed in these reports.  
&#33000293966|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Support & Feedback How to report a bug in web terminal
Web terminal overview / Support & Feedback: How to report a bug in web terminal
Web terminal overview / Support & Feedback:  Users can report issues they encounter while working with Web Terminal. Go to Help&Info >> Report a bug.       
&#33000293002|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Web terminal overview (Trading terminal main functionality ) / Support & Feedback Live support options in the Members Area
Web terminal overview / Support & Feedback: Live support options in the Members Area
Web terminal overview / Support & Feedback:  To contact Live Support, please go to the "Help" or "Support" option in your Member Area. There you'll find the option to reach 24/7 Live Support. Alternatively, contact Live Support via one of the chat options by clicking the chat icon at the bottom right corner of the website. The agents are ready to assist you with your issue.  
&#33000294032|help.stockstrader.com&#

# API integration (Guides on using the public API) / API access How to gain access to the API
API integration / API access: How to gain access to the API
API integration / API access:     To use the API, follow these simple steps:     1. Register in the Web Terminal.  2. Open StocksTrader accounts (Demo or Real): in the platform or in Members Area (see more details here)  3. Log in to the Web Terminal.  4. Select the option "API integration" at the platform's top right (Settings - API integration).  5. Get your API access token. You need to get a new one if your Access Token has expired.   6. Use it to send requests through the API.     These steps also apply to the development and testing stages of the integration: Production environment and demo accounts are used.               All useful links:  1. Read about API features, specifics, definitions, common features of the implementation of endpoints here.    2. Find API schema here.        
&#33000290140|help.stockstrader.com&#

# API integration (Guides on using the public API) / API access Where can I find the API schema?
API integration / API access: Where can I find the API schema?
API integration / API access:  Find the API Schema here - https://api-doc.stockstrader.com/ 
&#33000290644|help.stockstrader.com&#

# API integration (Guides on using the public API) / API usage Introduction: specifics and features
API integration / API usage: Introduction: specifics and features
API integration / API usage:  Our API, independent of the user interface, enables third-party application providers to:   Set up automated trading based on personally selected trading signals, analyze the profitability of the trading account  Trade from StocksTrader accounts (average execution time ~90 ms; tested on Demo accounts).   Specifics   Whether you are an independent trader, a small development company, or a financial institution, you can  access our services with no subscription cost.  We support trading in Stocks and CFD on Stocks (US, Germany, UK, Switzerland, Italy, and more), Currencies, Indices, Oil, Metals, and Futures  (with access to over 12,000 trading instruments)  – all under a unified interface.   API features  Our users enjoy access to:    Order management – place, modify, and cancel orders    Deal management – modify and close deals    Portfolio – retrieve a list of open deals for the trading account    Orders history – retrieve a list of orders for the trading account    Account information – retrieve a list of trading accounts and data on P&L for these accounts    Instruments – retrieve info about the rules of the trading instrument for the specified account    Get quotes – retrieve the latest Ask/Bid/Last quote for an instrument. Need to be used before placing an order for a particular trading instrument, not for all trading instruments. Not for live data streaming    Note: no market data stream is provided.       Definitions    User is a client who has a real StocksTrader account.  Account is a trading account opened by a User to buy and sell trading instruments on various global markets.   There are three main types of Accounts: Margin Accounts, Cash Accounts, and Investment Savings Accounts (ISK). These types differ in calculation and, accordingly, in the parameters that are returned in this method's response. All these accounts have zero commission.      Some explanations:    Margin Account ("margin" structure) involves trading with leverage. It supports up to 12,000 trading instruments including Stocks, CFD on Stocks, CFDs on Indices, CFDs on Forex, CFDs on ETFs, CFDs on Oil, and CFDs on Metals  Parameters returned for this type of Account include Balance, Unrealised P&L, Equity, Margin, and Free margin.  Cash Account ("сash" structure) allows trading real stocks with 1:1 leverage, including equities from the US, EU, UK, and Switzerland. The following parameters are available for this Account Type: My portfolio, Investments, and Available to invest.  Investment Savings Account (ISK) ("сash" structure) is a special type of account for clients from Sweden for trading U.S. and European stocks and ETFs within a favourable capital tax scheme. It has a Leverage of 1:1. The parameters are returned for this account are: My portfolio, Investments, and Available to invest.  An Order is a set of instructions to StocksTrader to buy or sell an asset on a trader's behalf.  The Deal is the result of an executed order. Any executed order opens or closes a deal.   The Position results from open and closed deals, including both open and closed deals. We take the rule that "a deal entity" absorbs both a deal and a position (so as soon as there is no open or closed deal under position, the position is terminated). Therefore, we do not use the term "a position entity" for StocksTrader accounts and for this API accordingly but explain these specifics.   Common features of the implementation of endpoints   For the request, the API uses the UTC time zone.  For all endpoints data localisation support: English language only.  The maximum frequency of requests that return Account state is 1 per 0.5 seconds per User (GET /accounts/{account_id}/instruments/{ticker}, GET /accounts/, GET accounts/{account_id, GET /accounts/{account_id}/orders, GET accounts/{account_id}/deals endpoints  There are some conditions for GET /accounts/{account_id}/instruments/{ticker} endpoint: a. need to be used before trading this instrument on a specific Account; do not use it to get details for all trading instruments or b. requires the use of caching.  The sufficient frequency of sending GET /instruments is once a day.  Session has no expiration, and  depends on the expiration and validity of the API access token. The API access token can have a long lifespan (e.g., several months), but according to security policies, it may be revoked or invalidated. If a request to /logout/ is sent, the current API access token becomes invalid, and a new token must be requested in the web terminal.      All useful links:  1. Read how to gain access to the API here.  2. Read how to open demo trading account here.   3. Find API schema here.  
&#33000290139|help.stockstrader.com&#

# API integration (Guides on using the public API) / API usage Guide to StocksTrader API error codes
API integration / API usage: Guide to StocksTrader API error codes
API integration / API usage:  The StocksTrader API enables interaction with the trading platform, but errors may occur if requests are not properly formed. This guide explains the most common error codes — 400 Bad Request and 401 Unauthorized — and offers steps to resolve them.  This guide will help you quickly identify and resolve common StocksTrader API errors.  Common error codes     1. 400 — Bad request     What it means: The request contains an error due to an incorrect URL, missing or invalid parameters, or incorrect data format.  Examples:   Using /api/v1/logout/account instead of the correct /api/v1/logout  Missing required fields such as ticker, volume, side, or type in a POST request to /api/v1/accounts/{account_id}/orders  Providing an invalid account_id or ticker in requests such as /api/v1/accounts/{account_id}/instruments/{ticker}   How to fix:   Check the URL: Ensure it matches the API documentation. For example, use /api/v1/logout instead of /api/v1/logout/account.  Check the parameters: Make sure all required parameters are included and valid. For instance, ticker, volume, side, and type must be present in a POST request to /api/v1/accounts/{account_id}/orders.  Check the data format: Ensure the request body follows the expected format.  Review the response: Look at the msg field in the error response for hints about what went wrong.    2. 401 — Unauthorized     What it means: The request is missing a valid authorization token or the token is invalid.  Examples:   Accessing /api/v1/accounts without a Bearer token  Using an expired or invalid token    How to fix:   Include a token: Add the Authorization header to your request.  Check the token: If the token is expired, generate a new one via the StocksTrader web terminal.  Check permissions: Make sure the token belongs to an account that has access to the requested resource.    General recommendations   Refer to the documentation: Always consult the API specification for correct endpoints, parameters, and data formats.  Log requests and responses: Save the full request and response (including the msg field) for error analysis.  Test beforehand: Use tools like Postman to verify your requests before deploying them.  Contact support: If the issue persists, contact technical support and provide the request details (URL, body, and response).    Example: Fixing a 400 error     Issue: You receive a 400 error when sending a POST request to /api/v1/logout/account.  Solution:   Check the documentation: the correct endpoint is /api/v1/logout.  Update the URL to https://api.stockstrader.com/api/v1/logout.  Make sure it's a POST request with the proper Authorization header.  Retry the request.    Example: Fixing a 401 error     Issue: You receive a 401 error when sending a GET request to /api/v1/accounts to retrieve your account list.  Solution:   Check the headers: Ensure the Authorization header is present.  If missing, add it. If the token is expired, generate a new one via the StocksTrader web terminal.  Ensure the token belongs to an account with access to /api/v1/accounts.  Retry the request with the valid token.   
&#33000294486|help.stockstrader.com&#

# API integration (Guides on using the public API) / Third-party API usage How to retrieve historical data from Yahoo financial service using Python
API integration / Third-party API usage: How to retrieve historical data from Yahoo financial service using Python
API integration / Third-party API usage:  If you're aiming to study stock market behavior or create trading strategies, having access to previous stock data is essential. Yahoo's stock data platform serves as a popular resource for such information, and with Python, automating the retrieval process becomes straightforward. In this guide, we’ll walk you through how to obtain historical market data for Apple Inc. (AAPL) utilizing the yfinance library in Python.     Step-by-step instructions     1. Preparing your environment     Before we start coding, ensure that Python is properly set up on your system. You can download it from the official Python website. Additionally, you’ll need to configure the yfinance package, which provides a streamlined interface to Yahoo market data. To install the yfinance package, open your terminal or command prompt and run the following command:     pip install yfinance      2. Creating the Python program  Once you've configured the necessary package, let's proceed with writing the Python code to fetch the stock data.     Import the Required Libraries  We begin by importing the essential libraries:   import yfinance as yf import pandas as pd   Set the stock symbol and fetch data  Next, define the trading ticker for Apple Inc. (AAPL) and retrieve the historical stock information:   # Define the stock symbol ticker = 'AAPL'  # Fetch historical stock data for the symbol data = yf.download(ticker, start="2010-01-01", end="2023-01-01")  # Show the first few rows of the dataset print(data.head())  # Store the dataset in a CSV file data.to_csv(f'{ticker}_historical_data.csv')  Explanation:   Import libraries: The yfinance package is utilized to gather the data, and pandas helps in managing the data structure.  Set stock symbol: We specify 'AAPL' as the trading ticker for Apple Inc.  Download data: The yf.download function retrieves the historical for the specified date range.  Show data: By using print(data.head()), the first few rows of the dataset are presented to ensure that the data was fetched correctly.  Store as CSV: The data.to_csv command exports the retrieved data into a CSV file, appropriately named based on the stock ticker.   3. Running the program  Save the program under a name like download_stock_data.py. After that, open your terminal or command prompt, navigate to the folder where your program is located, and run it using the command:     python download_stock_data.py      After executing the script, you’ll see the initial rows of stock data printed on the screen, and a CSV file named AAPL_historical_data.csv will be generated in the same directory.     Example output  Here’s an example of the data that will be displayed by print(data.head()):            This shows the opening price, highest price, lowest price, closing price, adjusted close, and trading volume for the initial trading days of 2010.     Conclusion  With just a few Python commands, you can effortlessly retrieve and store historical stock data from Yahoo's stock data platform. This method can be easily adjusted to fetch data for any publicly traded stock by altering the stock symbol and date range.         
&#33000291321|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Copy trading basics Is copy trading available on the web terminal?
Copy trading / Copy trading basics: Is copy trading available on the web terminal?
Copy trading / Copy trading basics:  No, CopyFX (copy trading) in StocksTrader is available only in the mobile application and the mobile version of the platform.  
&#33000290305|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Copy trading basics Who are traders and investors in copy trading?
Copy trading / Copy trading basics: Who are traders and investors in copy trading?
Copy trading / Copy trading basics:  Copy trading involves a collaboration between two parties: the trader and the investor. The client (future trader) opens an account in StocksTrader and sets up conditions so that orders from this account can be copied by investors, effectively creating a "strategy". The trader then engages in trading, showcasing their performance. Meanwhile, the investor selects the top-performing traders based on their demonstrated results and subscription terms, then begins replicating the trader’s actions.    
&#33000290306|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Copy trading basics How are trades copied to the investor's account?
Copy trading / Copy trading basics: How are trades copied to the investor's account?
Copy trading / Copy trading basics:  Trades are copied to the investor's account if all the following conditions are met:   The investor's account has no restrictions to create orders (e.g., sufficient free funds to copy trades (Margin)).  The subscription is active.  Trading is allowed for the specified trading instrument.  Copy trading is allowed for the specified trading instrument.   Additionally, it is important to note:   Execution prices for investors and traders are the same as for the Trader. This ensures transparency and fairness in the copy trading process.  Partial closure of positions is supported in CopyFX, meaning that Investors' accounts will mirror these actions as executed by the Trader.   By meeting these conditions, trades are seamlessly copied to the Investor's account, allowing for an efficient and accurate replication of the Trader’s strategy.      
&#33000290316|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Becoming a trader How to become a CopyFX trader on StocksTrader
Copy trading / Becoming a trader: How to become a CopyFX trader on StocksTrader
Copy trading / Becoming a trader:  1. Open the StocksTrader app (on iOS or Android) or the mobile version.      2. Open a new Hedging account or use an already existing StocksTrader account.          3. Deposit your account using one of the payment systems.          4. Create subscription conditions for your strategy.          5. Choose an instrument available for copying and start trading.          6. Trade actively to remain at the Top.     7. Keep an eye on detailed statistics of your account.          Useful links:  Who are traders and investors in copy trading?  What commission schemes are available to choose from? 
&#33000290311|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Becoming a trader How to set up a "Performance Fee" commission scheme for a trader
Copy trading / Becoming a trader: How to set up a "Performance Fee" commission scheme for a trader
Copy trading / Becoming a trader:  1. A trader needs to create a new strategy in the StocksTrader app using the integrated CopyFX.    2. Choose the "Performance fee" commission scheme (the calculation of the commission according to the "Performance Fee" scheme is here).     3. Set up a commission value and an investment period.   A commission value can be set from 5% to 50% in increments of 5%.  An investment period is the frequency of commission payments to a trader's account. The commission is charged every Monday. Additionally, investors are charged commissions at the same moment they unsubscribe from a trader's strategy. The available options are: 1 week, 2 weeks, or 4 weeks.  4. Launch the strategy and attract investors.  Investors can view the performance of the strategy and the commission conditions before subscribing to a trader's strategy.           The main principles for the commission amount to be paid are:   The estimate is made for all copied trades since the beginning of the Investor's subscription  All copied trades are taken into account regardless of their open or closed state  The calculation is made periodically at the end of each investment period and also at the end of the entire subscription   Only the profit that exceeds the highest previously obtained watermark (the "new" profit is called the "delta") is subject to commission charges     
&#33000290310|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Becoming an investor How to become an investor of CopyFX on StocksTrader
Copy trading / Becoming an investor: How to become an investor of CopyFX on StocksTrader
Copy trading / Becoming an investor:  An Investor is someone who copies the Trader's trades.  1. Open the StocksTrader app (on iOS or Android) or the mobile version.  2. Open a new Hedging account or use an already existing StocksTrader account.          3. Deposit your account using one of the payment systems. Minimum funds to subscribe: 100 USD. Keep in mind that each trader can set different conditions for subscription. That is, the minimum equity can be more than $100.            4. Choose most successful Traders from the rating:  4.1 Out of Most Profitable Traders, Largest Portfolio, or Most Copied Traders for a certain period of time (week, two weeks, month etc.)          4.2 By set search parameters:  Yield, %    Profit/Loss  Portfolio  Max drawdown, % (% of Equity that was lower than the account’s Balance)          5. Subscribe to your chosen Traders, choosing a subscription mode:     Proportional: Trades from the Trader’s account are copied to your account in the proportion based on your and the Trader’s Equity. The volume of copied positions can be increased or decreased by using an extra multiplier.  Example:  The extra multiplier = 1.00   The Trader's Equity = 2,000 USD   The Investor's Equity = 5,000 USD   The Trader opens a position with the Volume = 2   Thereafter, the Investor copies this position with the Volume = 1.00 * 2 * (5000/2000) = 5%     Classic: Trades from the Trader’s account are copied to your account by a formula: the Trader’s initial position multiplied by the Volume multiplier.  Example:  The volume multiplier = 0.50   The Trader opens a position with Volume = 2   Then the Investor copies that position with Volume = 2 * 0.5 = 1 (regardless of the equity ratio)     6. Make a profit on copied trades.  You may change subscription conditions at any moment.     Important: Execution price for investors and traders are the same as for a trader. 
&#33000290315|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Becoming an investor What is the required account balance to subscribe to a Trader?
Copy trading / Becoming an investor: What is the required account balance to subscribe to a Trader?
Copy trading / Becoming an investor:  You need to have at least 100 USD (or the equivalent in your account currency) available in your account to subscribe to a trader. 
&#33000290322|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Becoming an investor Is there a limit on the number of subscriptions for investors?
Copy trading / Becoming an investor: Is there a limit on the number of subscriptions for investors?
Copy trading / Becoming an investor:  No. Investors can subscribe to an unlimited number of traders. 
&#33000290313|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Managing subscriptions How to manage subscriptions for investors
Copy trading / Managing subscriptions: How to manage subscriptions for investors
Copy trading / Managing subscriptions:  For each trader Investors subscribed to, they can:    Pause subscription. New trades from the strategy won’t be copied to investor’s account. All trades copied prior to that moment will remain open and will be closed if the author of the strategy (Trader) closes them. You will still be displayed as an active subscriber to this strategy   Unpause subscription.  Cancel subscription. Any due commissions will be debited from your account within minutes of cancellation. When unsubscribing, deals are no longer copied, already open deals will not be automatically closed.  
&#33000290318|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Managing subscriptions Can investors modify copied deals?
Copy trading / Managing subscriptions: Can investors modify copied deals?
Copy trading / Managing subscriptions:  Yes. Investors can close copied deals, set up stop loss and take profit orders. 
&#33000290324|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Copy trading features What commission schemes are available to choose from?
Copy trading / Copy trading features: What commission schemes are available to choose from?
Copy trading / Copy trading features:  There are two ways to reward the trader:   By commission (performance fee) – the trader receives a commission based on the total profit earned by an investor through copying the trader's successful trades.  Without commission – the trader receives nothing. This mode helps beginner traders showcase themselves and attract investors.   The calculation of the commission according to the "Performance Fee" scheme:  Delta is used to calculate the commission. The "Delta" is the difference between the investor’s current result for the entire subscription period and the current maximum result for the entire subscription period. The result of all copied transactions (both open and closed) is taken into account at the end of the investment period.   Example:   The trader chose the Performance Fee scheme with a 10% rate.  Let's say the result of the first investment period (#1) is 100. As this is the first investment period, there is no previous maximum profit. Therefore, the calculation of Delta is 100 - 0 = 100. A trader gets 10% of 100 (10), and 100 is set as the maximum investor result for the subscription period.   If the next investment period (#2) produces a result of 150, then Delta = 150 - 100 (current max. profit) = 50. The trader gets 10% of 50 (5). If the following investment period (#3) produces a result of 140, then the Delta calculation is 140 - 150 = -10. Because Delta is negative, the investor did not receive any profit during the current investment period, so there is nothing to charge commissions for.  Important: A trader, when choosing to trade without commission, may eventually change the conditions and switch to the "performance fee" commission scheme. In this case, investors subscribed to this trader will receive an e-mail notification in advance. The subscriber will decide whether they are willing to pay the commission or unsubscribe from the trader’s strategy. The same procedure is applicable for changing the commission percentage. 
&#33000290307|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Copy trading features Is partial closure of the position in CopyFX possible for Investors?
Copy trading / Copy trading features: Is partial closure of the position in CopyFX possible for Investors?
Copy trading / Copy trading features:  No. Hedging Account (in StocksTrader) doesn’t provide partial closure of the position. 
&#33000290317|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Copy trading features How fast is an investor’s order copied in the CopyFX system?
Copy trading / Copy trading features: How fast is an investor’s order copied in the CopyFX system?
Copy trading / Copy trading features:  An investor’s order is executed at the same time as the trader's order. 
&#33000290321|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Copy trading (Guides for traders and investors) / Copy trading features What information is displayed in the rating?
Copy trading / Copy trading features: What information is displayed in the rating?
Copy trading / Copy trading features:  Trader’s statistics displays the following statistical data:     Yield  The most important parameter to be used when assessing the Trader’s success is the yield of their trading activity. The formula for calculating the yield in CopyFX system helps to define this parameter for each Trader as accurate as possible.     The yield is calculated as follows:  Y = ( (Equity_end_1 / Equity_begin_1) * (Equity_end_2 / Equity_begin_2) * ... * (Equity_end_N / Equity_begin_N) - 1) * 100%     Where:  Y – yield (profit) in %. Equity_begin_X – Equity at the start of the period X. Equity_end_X – Equity at the end of the period X. N – the last of the periods taken into account for calculations.     Periods are divided by balance operations. The formula calculates the yield in % since the moment the account was created or since the moment of the total loss of funds on the account (Equity was equal or less than zero). Please note that withdrawal of all funds from the account (Equity is equal to zero) shall not be considered as the total loss of funds on the account.     Max drawdown Maximum drawdown of Equity on Trader’s account against this account balance in percent. Calculation formula:   Max drawdown = ((balance - equity) / balance) * 100%     Account opened, days Number of days passed since the Trader’s registration in CopyFX (excluding weekends: Saturdays and Sundays).     Balance Trader’s account balance (in currency of their account).     Number of deals The number of the Trader’s open and closed transactions since they registered.     Investors The number of Investors currently subscribed to the Trader.     Portfolio  The sum of the trader's balance and the balances of subscribed investors.     Profit/Loss, USD  Trader's monetary profit/loss.        
&#33000290323|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Trading demo account (Introduction to paper trading) / Opening a demo account How to open demo trading account
Trading demo account / Opening a demo account: How to open demo trading account
Trading demo account / Opening a demo account:  A. Web platform StocksTrader  1. Go to StocksTrader platform.   2. Choose Manage accounts >> Create demo account.               In this case a new trading account is automatically opened with the Hedging system by default.          B. Members Area (directly)  1. Go to Members Area site.  2. Sign in with the same credentials you’ve gotten after registration in StocksTrader platform.          3. Choose Accounts >> Demo account >> Hedging or Netting system >> Leverage >> Initial deposit >> Confirm.           C. Members Area (redirect from StocksTrader platform)  1. Open StocksTrader platform.  2. Choose any option that redirects you to Members Area:     a. Deposit  b. Withdrawal  c. Transfer  d. Profile settings >> Edit Phone, E-mail, First name, Last name                    3. You will be redirected and authorised in Members Area automatically.  4. Choose Accounts >> Demo account >> Hedging or Netting system >> Leverage >> Initial deposit >> Confirm.         
&#33000290148|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Trading demo account (Introduction to paper trading) / Opening a demo account How can I top up or reduce the balance of my demo account?
Trading demo account / Opening a demo account: How can I top up or reduce the balance of my demo account?
Trading demo account / Opening a demo account:  To add funds to your demo account, log into your Members Area on the broker’s website. Navigate to Funds > Deposit Funds, and select Demo in the pop-up window. Choose the desired demo account, enter the deposit amount, and click "Continue." The funds will be credited to your demo account instantly.     Please note that demo accounts operate with virtual funds, which are not real money.     To reduce the balance of your demo account, please contact our customer support team for assistance.    
&#33000294003|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Trading demo account (Introduction to paper trading) / Paper trading basics What is paper trading?
Trading demo account / Paper trading basics: What is paper trading?
Trading demo account / Paper trading basics:  This term has come from the stock market and practically means trading on a demo account. The investor models their trades, analyses them, and counts profits and losses on their positions.     Paper trading lets the trader assess their strengths, get more practice on a virtual account, check and improve their trading strategies, and learn to follow signals from more experienced market participants.     Practising on a demo account is a great opportunity for beginners to adapt to market conditions and get acquainted with all the features of the trading platform before investing real money.     Paper Trading uses a free demo account with real charts, essentially simulating stock trading.  
&#33000290373|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Trading demo account (Introduction to paper trading) / Paper trading basics Advantages and drawbacks of paper trading
Trading demo account / Paper trading basics: Advantages and drawbacks of paper trading
Trading demo account / Paper trading basics:  Advantages   Studying the basics of trading. Trading is not only about selecting correct instruments for market analysis but also about knowing how to control your position, close it timely, and look for new opportunities to enter the market  Checking new strategies. Checking new trading ideas is useful not only for beginners but for experienced traders as well. This account type allows for testing your tactics on the asset history  Working with new instruments. You can add new instruments to your portfolio, study their behaviour on a demo account, and choose the best strategies for each one.   Drawbacks   Increased confidence. Losing real money is a painful experience that teaches traders to make better analyses, be more responsible, cautious, and as far-seeing as possible; and never to stop developing their skills. A demo account does not provide such an experience  Unrealistic capital. Quite often, the capital on the demo account exceeds the real one that's available for the trader. The investor who is used to working with big lots struggles when having to trade smaller lots after switching to a real account  Lack of trading experience. Without real trading experience, investors do not face the emotional tension that can affect real-life trading. Losing actual money can be a painful but valuable lesson, teaching traders to improve their analyses, be more responsible, cautious, and forward-thinking, and develop their skills continuously. A demo account cannot replicate this real-world experience.  
&#33000290375|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Trading demo account (Introduction to paper trading) / Paper trading basics Are there any costs associated with paper trading?
Trading demo account / Paper trading basics: Are there any costs associated with paper trading?
Trading demo account / Paper trading basics:  No. StocksTrader offers paper trading for free. 
&#33000290380|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Trading demo account (Introduction to paper trading) / Transitioning to real trading Can paper trading guarantee success in real trading?
Trading demo account / Transitioning to real trading: Can paper trading guarantee success in real trading?
Trading demo account / Transitioning to real trading:  No. While paper trading provides a platform for practice, real trading success depends on various factors, including market conditions and traders' psychological responses. 
&#33000290377|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Trading demo account (Introduction to paper trading) / Transitioning to real trading How long should one engage in paper trading before transitioning to real trading?
Trading demo account / Transitioning to real trading: How long should one engage in paper trading before transitioning to real trading?
Trading demo account / Transitioning to real trading:  There's no fixed period. It varies from person to person, depending on their learning curve and confidence levels. 
&#33000290378|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Corporate events (Dividends, Splits, Earnings) / Dividends Dividends
Corporate events / Dividends: Dividends
Corporate events / Dividends:  Important: To qualify for a dividend, you must have an open position at least one day before the "ex-dividend" date.      In case there is an open position in Stocks, ETFs, and CFDs on Stocks, ETFs, dividends are credited or debited to an account on the "ex-dividend" date. We also introduced dividends on CFD indices, providing clients with even more opportunities to profit from the financial markets.      View the schedule of the "ex-dividend" dates for the upcoming future in the "Corporate events" section of your trading platform.           Long and short positions   A client holding a long position on the ex-dividend date will receive the applicable dividend in the form of a cash adjustment credited to the relevant trading account. Find the transaction in the History Tab on the client’s trading platform under "Cash Corrections".    A client holding a short position on the ex-dividend date will be charged the applicable dividend in the form of a cash adjustment debited to the relevant trading accounts. Find the transaction in the History Tab on the client’s trading platform under "Cash Corrections".          Dividends process     Cash dividend transactions debit/credit account balance on ex-dividend day at:   15:05 server time for US stocks and CFDs on US stocks  09:05 server time for CFDs on EU stocks  01:05 server time for CFDs on US indices  01:08 server time for CFDs on EU indices   Find the transaction in the History tab.    In case of a Long position, the Cash Dividend amount is:  Dividend per stock * Volume  where: Volume = Contracts * Contract size  In case of a Short Position, the Cash Dividend amount is:  (-1) * Dividend per stock * Volume  where: Volume = Contracts * Contract size  If you receive dividends from stocks, ETFs, or CFDs on stocks and ETFs in the US stock market, a 15% tax will be deducted. This amount will be taken from your account and marked as 'Dividend tax'. No dividend tax is withheld for European stocks.         A dividend is added to an account balance and has no influence on the result of a position.     Holders of stocks and CFDs on Stocks of companies that pay dividends receive all due payments. That is, stockholders receive dividends, while holders of CFDs on Stocks receive dividend equivalents. 
&#33000290392|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Corporate events (Dividends, Splits, Earnings) / Dividends Ex-dividend date: definition and key dates
Corporate events / Dividends: Ex-dividend date: definition and key dates
Corporate events / Dividends:  What is the ex-dividend date?     The ex-dividend date is a critical point in the dividend payment process that determines if a stock buyer will receive the next dividend. If you buy the stock on or after this date, you will not qualify for the upcoming dividend. Generally, the ex-dividend date is set one business day before the record date.          Key dates in the dividend process    Declaration date: This is when a company announces its plan to issue a dividend, including the amount and payment schedule.    Record date: On this date, the company reviews its shareholder records to determine who will receive the dividend. Only those registered by this date are eligible.    Ex-dividend date: Set one business day before the record date, this date determines eligibility for the dividend. For instance, if the record date is Friday, the ex-dividend date is Thursday. Purchases made on or after the ex-dividend date will not receive the dividend. StocksTrader pays dividends on the ex-dividend date, whereas other brokers usually pay on the payable date.    Payable date: This is when the dividend is distributed to shareholders who were on record as of the record date.   
&#33000290664|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Corporate events (Dividends, Splits, Earnings) / Dividends How long should I hold a stock to get the dividend?
Corporate events / Dividends: How long should I hold a stock to get the dividend?
Corporate events / Dividends:  To receive the dividend, you need to hold the stock at least until the ex-dividend date. If you sell the stock before the ex-dividend date, you forfeit your right to the upcoming dividend. 
&#33000290674|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Corporate events (Dividends, Splits, Earnings) / Stock splits What is stock split and how does it affect stock prices?
Corporate events / Stock splits: What is stock split and how does it affect stock prices?
Corporate events / Stock splits:  What is a stock split?  A stock split or stock divide is an action by an issuer to increase the number of stocks in circulation, which entails a decrease in the stock price but not in the general capitalisation. This is a widespread market practice, naturally supported by the company's desire to make its expensive shares more affordable to a wide range of investors.  Many of the actively developing companies are keen on the in-flow of extra money those new investors could bring. However, not every investor can afford promising and expensive stocks.  The split procedure is, therefore, a way to make stocks seem cheaper and more affordable. As a result, the number of stocks increases, and their price drops proportionally. This makes the stocks more affordable to investors.  For example, if a company increases the number of its shares ten times, i.e. carries out a split of 1:10, investors can have nine additional shares for each existing one in their possession.        At the same time, the price of one share decreases proportionally: if a share's initial cost was $1,000, after the split it will cost $100. This means that each shareholder of this issuer will have 10 times more shares, though the total share price will remain the same.  Critical points of stock splits     The split coefficient, which shows how much the number of stocks has changed after the procedure, is normally anything between 1:2 and 1:10. In the split procedure, there are three main dates:   The day of the announcement. To get started, the company makes a public announcement of its plans for a stock split, with all the details that investors need to be aware of. This information usually includes the split coefficient and the date when the split is to happen  Register closing day: this is an important day when the list of the company's shareholders is settled. These people will be getting extra shares after the split  The split day is when new stocks appear on the investors' broker accounts and start trading at the new price         What is a reverse split?  Another procedure known as the reverse split changes the number of stocks in portfolios. It is also called stock consolidation.     Through this procedure, the stocks held by investors are changed by a proportionally smaller number of stocks. For example, a reverse split of 4:1 replaces every four shares owned by an investor with one single share of stock. This means that if you held 40 company shares before the reverse split went into effect, you'll only have 10 left after a stock consolidation, but the price of each share will grow four times.           For example, if the stocks traded terribly low under a dollar, a reversed split can increase their price.     How does a split affect stocks and investors?  On the whole, a stock split is interpreted as a good event for the issuing company, though it does not have a direct impact on its capitalisation. A split means that the company is developing and doing well, and this is confirmed by the growth of its shares. By carrying out a split, a company signals that it wants to make its shares more attractive and affordable to private investors.     A decrease in the price makes the shares more affordable to investors, and more liquid. The history of splits shows that, in some cases, the growth of stocks after a split can exceed the growth of major stock indices. Hence, after a split, an investor can see their portfolio increase if the shares keep growing.     The shares can demonstrate positive dynamics right after the split is announced, and even before it is over. After the split, the shares might start a temporary consolidation, sometimes lasting up to several months. First of all, this is because large institutional investors might start taking the profit upon selling the now affordable stock to individual investors.     Some famous companies (Apple, Microsoft) have had several splits over their history. However, there are such dinosaurs that reject any idea of split regardless of their extremely high stock price.     A bright example is Warren Buffett's holding company Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.A). Its shares have never been split. 
&#33000290406|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Corporate events (Dividends, Splits, Earnings) / Stock splits Split procedure on StocksTrader
Corporate events / Stock splits: Split procedure on StocksTrader
Corporate events / Stock splits:  The Split procedure runs on the server every day at 15:00 server time. During the procedure, all active pending orders (Limit, Stop) for the related stock are removed.  The weighted average price and sum volume are calculated separately for all open deals in short positions and all open deals in long positions of an instrument. They are assigned as a new open price and new volume for the deal, with maximum volume for long and short deals accordingly. In case a deal receives fractional stocks, such stocks will be liquidated for cash transactions – "Split cash correction". The volume of other deals for related instruments will be reset to 0 and moved to the History tab.  Splits on the chart  You can view all past and future split dates on the charts of the trading platform.       Case 1 (Split)     Conditions:   Stock split type: 1:4 (each existing share becomes 4 shares).  Shares owned before split: 7  Share price before split: $99   Calculation:     1. New number of shares after split: New Shares = Current Shares × Split Ratio (4) = 7×4 = 28  shares   2. New share price after split: New Price per Share = Old Price per Share/Split Ratio (4) = 99/4 = $24.75   Result:   Shares owned after split: 28  Share price after split: $24.7   Total value of shares remains the same: 7 × 99 = 28 × 24.75 = $693       Case 2 (Reverse split)     Conditions:   Reverse stock split type: 5:1 (every 5 shares are consolidated into 1)  Shares owned before reverse split: 5  Share price before reverse split: $2   Calculation:  1. New number of shares after reverse split: New Shares = Current Shares/Reverse Split Ratio (5) = 5/5 = 1 share  2. New share price after reverse split: New Price per Share = Old Price per Share × Reverse Split Ratio (5) = 2×5 = $10   Result:   Shares Owned After Reverse Split: 1 share  Share Price After Reverse Split: $10   Total Value of Shares Remains the Same: 5 × 2 = 1×10 = $10  
&#33000290419|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Corporate events (Dividends, Splits, Earnings) / Earnings reports Understanding Earnings and their importance
Corporate events / Earnings reports: Understanding Earnings and their importance
Corporate events / Earnings reports:  What Are Earnings?     Earnings reports, also known as quarterly or annual reports, are financial documents published by publicly traded companies to disclose their performance over a specific period, typically a quarter or a year. These reports provide a comprehensive overview of a company's financial health, including its revenue, net income, earnings per share (EPS), and other key financial metrics.           Components of Earnings   Income statement: This section details the company’s revenues, expenses, and profits over the reporting period. Key figures include total revenue, operating income, and net income.  Balance sheet: This provides a snapshot of the company's assets, liabilities, and shareholders' equity at the end of the reporting period.  Cash flow statement: This outlines the company’s cash inflows and outflows from operating, investing, and financing activities.  Earnings per share (EPS): A crucial metric that shows the portion of a company's profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock, indicating the company's profitability on a per-share basis.  Guidance: Companies often provide future projections or guidance, offering insights into expected future performance.   Why Are Earnings Important?   Performance assessment: Earnings are essential for assessing a company's financial health and performance. By analyzing these reports, traders and investors can determine whether a company is growing, profitable, or facing financial challenges.  Investment decisions: Investors use Earnings to make informed decisions about buying, holding, or selling stocks. Positive earnings surprises often lead to stock price increases, while disappointing Earnings can result in stock price declines.  Market sentiment: Earnings can significantly influence market sentiment. A strong report can boost investor confidence and attract more investment, whereas a poor report can trigger sell-offs and reduce investor confidence.  Comparative analysis: Investors compare Earnings across different companies within the same industry to identify the best-performing stocks. This comparative analysis helps in building a diversified and profitable investment portfolio.  Forecasting future performance: Earnings guidance provided in these reports helps traders and investors forecast future performance and adjust their investment strategies accordingly.  Dividend decisions: Earnings also influence dividend decisions. Companies with strong earnings are more likely to increase dividends, attracting income-focused investors.  
&#33000290420|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Corporate events (Dividends, Splits, Earnings) / Earnings reports Earnings on StocksTrader
Corporate events / Earnings reports: Earnings on StocksTrader
Corporate events / Earnings reports:  Important: Two days before a company's Earnings are released, the leverage for new trades on its stocks in StocksTrader is automatically reduced. Existing open positions are not affected. The leverage is restored to its original level the day after the report is published.     Read in detail how Earnings impact the leverage ratio here.      View the schedule of Earnings for the upcoming future in the "Corporate events" section of your trading platform.           View earning dates (past and upcoming) right on the chart of your trading platform.      
&#33000290421|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Corporate events (Dividends, Splits, Earnings) / Earnings reports Impact of Earnings on leverage
Corporate events / Earnings reports: Impact of Earnings on leverage
Corporate events / Earnings reports:  How does the leverage ratio change before and after Earnings are released?  Two days before a company's Earnings are released, the leverage for new deals on its stocks in StocksTrader is automatically reduced. Existing open positions are not affected. The leverage is restored to its original level the day after the Earnings are released.  Before providing a specific example, read this article to review important definitions such as Equity, Margin, Free Margin, and Unrealised P/L.  Example:  Day 1:  Conditions: The client deposits $10000 into their trading account.          As a result, the current state of the client’s account:   Deposit: $10000  Margin: $0  Unrealised P/L: $0  Equity: $10000  Free Margin: $10000   Day 2:     Conditions: The client buys 1 share of COST.nq for $1041.01, with leverage of 1:20.          As a result, the current state of the client’s account:   Margin: $52.05 (Price of financial instrument/Leverage, i.e., 1041.01/20)  Unrealised P/L: $-5.60  Equity: $9994.40  Free Margin: $9942.35 (Equity – Margin, i.e., 9994.40 – 52.05)   Day 3:     Conditions: COST.nq stock price dropped to $1034.78.          As a result, the current state of the client’s account:   Margin: $52.05  Unrealised P/L: $-7.60  Equity: $9992.40  Free Margin: $9940.35   Day 4:     Conditions: COST.nq stock price is $1037.03. The client buys 1 additional share, but leverage has dropped to 1:4 (due to the upcoming COST Earnings the next day).          As a result, the current state of the client’s account:   Margin: $311.31  Unrealised P/L: $-10.84  Equity: $9989.16  Free Margin: $9677.85   Note: The margin includes the sum for both open positions — the one opened on Day 2 (1041.01/20) and the one opened on Day 4 (1037.03/4): 52.05 + 259.26 = 311.31. 
&#33000290585|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Instrument mechanics Understanding the trading model with markup on market spread
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics: Understanding the trading model with markup on market spread
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics:  You can open positions without paying any additional charges for order execution.  How we handle costs   Markup on market spread: Instead of charging separate commissions for each order, we include our fees in the market spread. We apply a small markup to the market spread, which tends toward 0.15%* of the instrument’s value. This markup is automatically included in the price you see when you trade.   Market spread is the difference between the buying price (Ask) and the selling price (Bid) of an asset. Markup is the amount by which the Bid/Ask (Sell/Buy) prices are adjusted for clients.     *The applied markup may exceed 0.15%, in particular due to possible rounding during the calculation process. Please refer to the financial instrument contract specifications for exact details on the applied markups.                How to calculate markup when it’s exactly 0.15%     Markup = last price * 0.15%  If the result is an odd number, it is rounded up for subsequent division by 2. For example, if the last price of the stock is $164.94:     Markup = 164.94 * 0.15% = 0.25 = 0.26 = 26 pips     Calculating Sell markup and Buy markup      Sell markup = Bid market - markup/2   Buy markup = Ask market + markup/2      Example with Apple stock     Conditions:  Last price is $226.85  Bid market is $226.80  Ask market is $226.85      Calculations:   Markup = 226.85 * 0.15% = 0.34 = 34 pips  Bid price (for Sell orders with applied markup) = 226.80 - 0.34/2 = 226.63  Ask price (for Buy orders with applied markup) = 226.85 + 0.34/2 = 227.02      
&#33000290748|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Instrument mechanics Margin account: definitions
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics: Margin account: definitions
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics:       Balance is the amount present in the account and does not include the current unrealised result from open positions. It includes the result of deposits and withdrawals, as well as the result from positions that have already been closed. Additionally, it includes cash corrections, such as dividends and splits. Positions that are closed will reflect in the balance on the next day, after the nightly data update when the status changes from "close" to "trade."      Formula: Balance = Deposit + Withdrawal + Cash correction + P&L (Net Profit)     Equity is the amount that most accurately reflects the total funds in the account. It includes the balance and the sum of unrealised profits and losses (Unrealised P/L) from positions that are still open.     Formula: Equity = Balance + Unrealised P/L     Margin is the amount that is frozen by the broker in the client's account to open and maintain a position. The calculation depends on the category of the financial instrument:     Formula:    Forex: Margin = Σ((Volume / Leverage) * CR)   Shares and other categories: Margin = Σ((Open price * Volume / Leverage) * CR. (CR = conversion rate from the instrument currency to the account currency). The calculation considers open positions.      Free margin is the amount of equity in the account that is not currently tied up as collateral for open positions. It represents the funds available to open new pos or withdraw from the trading account.     Formula: Free margin = Equity – Margin     Margin Level is a metric used to assess the risk of an investor's account. It is calculated as a percentage by dividing the account's equity by the used margin (the amount currently tied up in open deals).      Formula: Margin Level (ML) = Equity/Margin*100     Unrealised P/L (Profit and Loss) refers to the potential profit or loss on open positions that have not yet been closed and deals that have been closed during the current trading day according to server time. At the end of the day, based on server time, all closed deals are converted into account currency and become trades on the trading platform.     Example:     1. The client deposits $10000 into their account. Conditions: Leverage ratio is 1:20.          2. The client buys 1 share of Walmart for $103.52 (Leverage is 1:20 for this instrument).     In-the-moment calculations*:  Equity: - 0.20 + 10000 = 9999.80  Margin: 103.52/20 = 5.18  Free margin: 9999.80 – 5.18 = 9994.62  Margin level: 9999.80/5.18*100 = 193046.33%           *Both the account and the instrument are denominated in US dollars, so no conversion rate is applied during calculations. If the account currency differs from the instrument currency, the conversion rate is applied when executing trades.     
&#33000290468|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Instrument mechanics Contract specifications: definitions
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics: Contract specifications: definitions
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics:  Find the "Contract specifications" in the web terminal or mobile app:     1. On the right side of the financial instrument's name.          2. or in the instrument search window.             Symbol: Symbols such as '.nq', '.bt', '.ny', '.xbpu', '.xwbo', etc. indicate real stocks listed on NASDAQ, CBOE, NYSE, Euronext Brussels, Vienna Stock Exchange, etc. Other symbols represent CFDs.     Category (Type): The category of instrument, e.g., Stock - NASDAQ for real stocks, Currencies - Forex for currency pairs, ETF - NYSE for ETFs listed on NYSE, ETF - CFD for CFDs on ETFs, etc.     Country: The country of origin for the instrument. This is displayed for all asset types except Forex, Oil, and Metals.     Description: The description or decoding of the instrument symbol (company name, currency pair, etc.).     Profit Currency: The currency required to purchase the instrument. If you trade from an account in another currency, StocksTrader will automatically convert it according to internal rates. View the markup values used for the currency conversion in the "Contract specification" section (Currency Conversion).          Interest Buy/Sell: This is a charge for rolling a leveraged position overnight. "Buy" stands for long positions, "sell" stands for short positions. This interest is added to the result of a position. The leverage is applied to positions depending on the type of instrument or account.      The rate is not constant and might be changed without any prior notice to clients.     How to calculate interest (for stocks)? <Opening price> * <Position volume> * <Interest (%) / 100 / 360>     Example: Twitter: 100 shares, long position, interest - 7% 25 * 100 * (-7%) / 100 / 360 = (-0,49) USD     Triple Interest Day: This is the day when triple interest is applied to the instrument. Triple Interest day refers to the day when Interest/Swap is taken at a triple rate. This adjustment accounts for three days to cover interest over the weekend when markets are closed.     Tradable: "Yes" means the instrument is currently available for trading.     Trade mode:      Full - All possible actions for orders are allowed.  Buy only - Placing all orders is allowed except for Sell Stop, Sell Limit, and Sell Market (in other words, allowed orders are for opening: Buy Market, Buy Stop, and Buy Limit; for closing: Stop Loss, Trailing Stop, Take Profit. All other orders are prohibited).  Sell only - Placing all orders is allowed except for Buy Stop, Buy Limit, and Buy Market.  Close only - Only placing orders for closing (Stop Loss, Take Profit, Trailing Stop) is allowed. All other orders are prohibited.     Tick size: The smallest change in the price of a financial instrument that can be observed or traded.      Example: If a stock has a tick size of $0.01, its price can only move in increments of $0.01 (e.g., $100.00, $100.01, $100.02, etc.).     Minimum Order Volume: the smallest amount of a financial instrument that can be bought or sold in a single order.     Step Volume: The minimum size of one step in the stock's volume to buy. The minimum volume of shares to buy remains the same – 1 share. Read how to trade fractional shares here.     Maximum Order Volume: the largest quantity of a financial instrument that can be bought or sold in a single order.     Contract size: the value of 1 contract for each financial instrument, e.g. 1 share(s), 1 EUR, 1 index. Contract size is a unit of measurement for volume, i.e. Volume = contract size * contracts.     Leverage: the leverage ratio for the financial instrument. Read more about leverage here.      Available for CopyFX (mobile app): availability of the financial instrument for copy trading.     High liquid: "Yes" means that financial instrument that can be quickly bought or sold without causing a significant impact on its price. High liquidity is a desirable characteristic in trading because it means that there are a large number of buyers and sellers actively participating in the market, making it easier to execute trades efficiently. "No" means the opposite.      Markup (pips): Instead of charging separate commissions for each order, we include our fees in the market spread. We apply a small markup to the market spread, which tends toward 0.15% of the instrument’s value. This markup is automatically included in the price you see when you trade. Read about applied markup in this article.     Trading hours refer to the specific times during which a financial market or exchange is open for buying and selling financial instruments. All orders are executed only during the instruments trading hours (server time). Order management after and before trading sessions: place and modify Take Profit, Stop Loss, Limit, and Stop even when the market is closed. They will be executed after the trading session starts. 
&#33000290469|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Instrument mechanics What execution rules for financial instruments exist on the platform?
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics: What execution rules for financial instruments exist on the platform?
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics:  1. Stop or Limit orders become active once created. Only active orders can be updated/cancelled during open trading hours. Find the active orders in the "Active Orders" tab in the account summary on the trading platform.       2. Any order satisfying one of the conditions below changes the status to "Filling"   Market order submitted  Stop Loss, Take Profit, Stop Out orders once created  Stop, Limit order declared price triggered   3. Find all orders with "Filling" status in the "Active Orders" tab in the account summary on the trading platform until their status is changed by the system to "filled" or "rejected".  4. All orders with "Filling" status are automatically cancelled by the system at the end of every day.  5. When an order is executed, a related Deal is opened or closed at the Filled order price, and the order status is changed to "filled".  6. When an order is cancelled by the user or rejected by the system, the order status is changed to "cancelled" or "rejected" accordingly.  7. Find all "filled", "cancelled" and "rejected" orders in the Trade Blotter tab in the account summary on the trading platform.       8. All orders are executed only during the instruments trading hours. Order management after and before trading sessions: place and modify Take Profit, Stop Loss, Limit, and Stop even when the market is closed. They will be executed after the trading session starts.  9. In case the Account Margin level is less than or equal to the Stop Out level, the system sends a Stop Out order (or orders) to close all opened deals. In the case where a Stop Out order is cancelled by the execution venue and the Account Margin Level is still less or equal to the Stop Out level, the system sends Stop Out order(s) again.  10. Stop Loss, Take Profit, Stop Out, or Market orders that close a deal with the status "Filling" change the related deal status to "closing". When the related order is "filled", the deal becomes "closed". In case the related order is rejected, the deal becomes "open" again.  11. All "open", "closing" and "closed" deals are indicated in the Positions tab of the account summary on the trading platform.         12. At the end of the day, based on server time, all closed deals are converted into account currency and become trades on the trading platform.        13. Find all the trades along with the balance transactions (Deposit/Withdraw), and cash dividends in the case of Stock trading, in the History tab in the account summary on the  trading platform.          14. Broker relies on third-party execution venues for pricing and available volumes, therefore execution of the client’s orders will depend on the pricing and availability of liquidity at the execution venues. Although Broker executes all orders placed by the clients, it reserves the right to decline an order of any type, or the order could be declined by the execution venue.  15. Orders sent near the opening of trading time: Please note that markets can be particularly volatile near the opening of a trading session, with prices and available volume often changing rapidly and data feeds from various markets potentially being slow or temporarily unavailable. Broker cannot guarantee that orders sent near the opening of trading will necessarily receive the best-posted price. You may want to consider the use of limit orders at the opening, although market orders should be used if you want a higher certainty of getting a fill. In case Take Profit or Stop Loss orders are rejected, Take Profit and Stop Loss levels are removed. 
&#33000290371|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Instrument mechanics The difference between stocks and CFDs when trading on StocksTrader
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics: The difference between stocks and CFDs when trading on StocksTrader
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics:  Leverage: Both stocks and CFDs can be traded with leverage. When trading CFDs, StocksTrader typically offers higher leverage, especially for medium and low liquidity instruments compared to stocks.          Short: Short positions can be taken with both stocks and CFDs. StocksTrader offers a wider range of CFD instruments for short-selling.     Long: Long positions can be taken with both stocks and CFDs. However, similar to short-selling, the broker provides a wider range of CFD instruments for taking long positions.     Dividends: Holders of stocks and CFDs on Stocks of companies that pay dividends receive all due payments. That is, stockholders receive dividends, while holders of CFDs on Stocks receive dividend equivalents.     Execution: Orders for stocks are executed either on the exchange or off-exchange (OTC) - in dark pools, through market makers, ECNs, and other over-the-counter execution venues. Orders for CFDs are executed on over-the-counter markets (OTC). 
&#33000290456|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Instrument mechanics Opening new positions via StocksTrader web terminal
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics: Opening new positions via StocksTrader web terminal
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics:  You need to open the chart of your required instrument via Search Instrument, and introduce its ticker or select it from the list – for example, (ticker META) for Facebook stocks. The next step is to choose to buy either real stock or CFD on stock.           You can view the trading window and the customisable list of instruments, which is positioned on the right of the price chart. In the first one, there is the current selling price named SELL, the current buying price named BUY, the number of stocks and the margin. You can purchase some stocks at the current price, or put a LIMIT or STOP order and buy at a later stage at your preferred price.            After your purchase, an open position will appear under the price chart with the number of financial instruments bought, the price, and your current profit/loss. You can place a Stop Loss to limit losses, and a Take Profit to lock in profit. You will be receiving daily reports on your e-mail, updating you on the status of your account with the number of stocks purchased, and with the profit and losses specified.             
&#33000290438|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Instrument mechanics Santa Claus Rally: what drives year-end market trends?
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics: Santa Claus Rally: what drives year-end market trends?
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics:  As the holiday season approaches, many market participants turn their attention to a well-known phenomenon in financial markets: the Santa Claus Rally. This refers to a historical tendency for stock prices to rise during the final trading days of December and the first two trading days of January. Let’s explore the factors driving this unique market trend, along with its implications for traders and investors.  What is the Santa Claus Rally?  The Santa Claus Rally describes a period when the stock market tends to perform positively, with the S&P 500 showing gains approximately 80% of the time during this window. Historically, the average return for this period is about 1.3%, making it a noteworthy event for traders and investors alike.  But why does this phenomenon occur? While market movements are never guaranteed, several factors may contribute to this seasonal trend.  Key drivers behind the Santa Claus Rally  1. Festive optimism and economic outlook  The holiday season often brings a wave of optimism. During this time, many investors look forward to economic growth in the coming year, leading to more risk-taking. This festive sentiment, combined with end-of-year celebrations, may foster a bullish market environment.  2. Lower trading volume  In late December, institutional investors and fund managers often take time off, resulting in reduced market activity. This absence shifts trading dynamics, with retail investors playing a larger role. Lower liquidity can amplify market movements, increasing the likelihood of price gains.  3. Portfolio rebalancing and "window dressing"  Investment managers frequently rebalance their portfolios before year-end. This process often involves selling underperforming assets and buying stronger-performing ones to present a favorable portfolio to clients. This strategy, known as "window dressing," can increase demand for certain stocks, driving prices higher.  4. Tax-loss harvesting and reinvestment  In markets like the U.S., investors may sell losing positions in December to offset taxable gains—a practice called tax-loss harvesting. Once this process is complete, many reinvest their capital in early January, providing further support to asset prices.  How to navigate the Santa Claus Rally  While past performance is no guarantee of future results, understanding the drivers behind the Santa Claus Rally can help investors make informed decisions. Here are some considerations for traders and investors during this period:   Monitor liquidity: The lower trading volume can create opportunities, but also increases volatility. Be prepared for rapid price movements.  Review sector trends: Certain sectors, like retail and technology, may benefit disproportionately from year-end trends.  Stay diversified: Even during optimistic periods, a well-diversified portfolio remains crucial to manage risks.  Be mindful of taxes: Consider how tax implications could influence your investment decisions.   Conclusion  The Santa Claus Rally is a compelling example of how psychology, market structure, and external factors can combine to create seasonal trends. While not a guarantee, it offers traders and investors a unique opportunity to explore market dynamics during the festive period.  As always, it’s important to pair historical trends with thorough research and a clear strategy. Whether you’re rebalancing your portfolio or seeking new opportunities, this period serves as a reminder of the market's interconnectedness with broader societal and economic patterns. 
&#33000291879|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Instrument mechanics How to view the list of tradable instruments on the StocksTrader web platform
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics: How to view the list of tradable instruments on the StocksTrader web platform
Financial instruments / Instrument mechanics:  To access the list of tradable instruments using web version of the platform, log in to your account and open "Trading" tab. You will see the search field and a magnifying glass icon above the chart on the left, click the icon.           Alternatively, click the funnel icon to the left of the search field to filter instruments by category and country.            
&#33000294057|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Stocks How to benefit from stock price growth
Financial instruments / Stocks: How to benefit from stock price growth
Financial instruments / Stocks:  Investing in the stock market offers a plethora of opportunities for financial growth. One of the most straightforward methods to profit from trading stocks is through price increases. This strategy, often referred to as "going long," involves buying shares of a company with the expectation that their price will rise. Here’s a comprehensive guide on how to profit from trading stocks through price increases.     What is a long position?  A long position in stock trading means purchasing shares with the expectation that their value will rise over time. The investor profits by selling the shares at a higher price than the purchase price.     How do stock prices increase?  Stock prices increase based on various factors, including:   Company performance: Strong earnings reports, new product launches, or successful management strategies can drive a company's stock price up.  Market trends: Bullish markets, characterized by overall rising stock prices, can also contribute to price increases.  Economic indicators: Positive economic indicators, such as low unemployment rates and GDP growth, can boost investor confidence and stock prices.  Investor sentiment: News, rumors, and general market sentiment can influence stock prices. Positive news about a company or industry can lead to price increases.   Steps to profit from price increases  1. Conduct thorough research  Before investing in any stock, thorough research is crucial. This includes:   Analyzing Financial Statements: Look at the company’s income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement to assess its financial health.  Understanding the Industry: Know the industry trends, competitors, and market position of the company.  Evaluating Management: Strong, experienced management can significantly influence a company’s performance.   2. Choose the right stocks  Selecting the right stocks involves identifying companies with growth potential. Look for:   Growth stocks: Companies expected to grow at an above-average rate compared to other companies.  Value stocks: Companies whose stock price is lower than their intrinsic value.  Blue-chip stocks: Established companies with a history of reliable performance.   3. Timing your investments  Timing can be crucial in maximizing profits from stock price increases. Consider the following:   Market cycles: Understand market cycles and invest during the early stages of a bull market.  Economic indicators: Use economic indicators to gauge the best times to invest.  Technical analysis: Use charts and technical analysis to identify entry points.   4. Diversify your portfolio  Diversification helps mitigate risk by spreading investments across different sectors and companies. This can protect your portfolio from significant losses if a single stock performs poorly.  5. Monitor your investments  Regularly monitor your investments to stay informed about any changes that might affect stock prices. This includes keeping up with company news, market trends, and economic indicators.  6. Have an exit strategy  An exit strategy is essential for locking in profits. Consider setting:   Target prices: Sell when the stock reaches your predetermined target price. You can do it automatically with Take Profit orders.  Stop Loss orders: Automatically sell a stock if its price falls below a certain level to minimize losses.   Risks to consider  While trading stocks for price increases can be profitable, it’s not without risks. These include:   Market volatility: Stock prices can be highly volatile and unpredictable.  Economic downturns: Economic downturns can negatively impact stock prices.  Company performance: Poor company performance can lead to stock price declines.  
&#33000290457|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Stocks How to profit from trading stocks: short-selling
Financial instruments / Stocks: How to profit from trading stocks: short-selling
Financial instruments / Stocks:  While many investors focus on buying stocks with the hope that their prices will rise, there is another strategy that can be equally lucrative: short-selling. Short-selling allows traders to profit from a decline in a stock's price.      What is short-selling?  Short-selling is a trading strategy where an investor borrows shares of a stock they believe will decrease in value, sells those shares on the open market, and then buys them back later at a lower price to return to the lender. The difference between the sale price and the repurchase price represents the profit for the short-seller.     How does short-selling work?  1. Borrow shares: The investor borrows shares from a broker. These shares are typically borrowed from the broker's inventory or another investor's account.  2. Sell shares: The investor sells the borrowed shares on the open market at the current market price.  3. Wait for price decline: The investor waits for the stock's price to decline.  4. Buy back shares: The investor repurchases the same number of shares at the lower price.  5. Return shares: The investor returns the borrowed shares to the broker and pockets the difference as profit.     Steps to profit from short-selling  1. Conduct thorough research  Before short-selling any stock, it's crucial to conduct comprehensive research to identify stocks that are likely to decrease in value. Key factors to consider include:   Financial health: Analyze the company’s financial statements to identify any signs of financial distress.   Industry trends: Understand the broader industry trends and identify companies that are underperforming relative to their peers.  Market sentiment: Keep an eye on news, analyst reports, and market sentiment about the company.   2. Choose the right stocks  Not all stocks are suitable for short-selling. Look for stocks that have:   Weak fundamentals: Companies with declining revenues, increasing debt, or other financial issues.  Negative news: Companies that are facing lawsuits, regulatory issues, or other negative news.  High valuations: Overvalued stocks that are trading at prices higher than their intrinsic value.   3. Timing your short-sell  Timing is crucial in short-selling. Consider the following:   Earnings reports: Short-selling just before a company reports poor earnings can be profitable. Find info about Earning reports here and here.  Economic indicators: Monitor economic indicators that might negatively impact the company or industry.  Technical analysis: Use technical analysis to identify overbought conditions or resistance levels. Use user-friendly, detailed charts from StocksTrader for this purpose.    4. Manage your risk  Short-selling carries significant risk, as there is theoretically unlimited loss potential. Implement the following risk management strategies:   Stop loss orders: Set stop loss orders to automatically cover your short position if the stock price rises to a certain level.  Position sizing: Limit the size of your short positions relative to your overall portfolio to manage risk.  Diversification: Avoid concentrating your short positions in a single stock or sector.   5. Monitor your positions  Regularly monitor your short positions to stay informed about any changes that could impact the stock's price. This includes keeping track of:   Company news: Stay updated on news related to the company, including earnings reports, management changes, and industry developments.  Market conditions: Be aware of broader market trends that could affect your short positions.   6. Have an exit strategy  An exit strategy is essential for locking in profits and minimizing losses. Consider the following:   Profit targets: Set profit targets and cover your short position when the stock reaches your desired price. You can do it automatically by setting take profit orders.  Trailing stops: Use trailing stop orders to lock in profits while allowing for potential further declines in the stock price.   Risks to consider  Short-selling is inherently risky and involves several risks that investors should be aware of:   Unlimited loss potential: Unlike buying stocks, where losses are limited to the amount invested, short-selling can result in unlimited losses if the stock price rises significantly.  Market volatility: Stock prices can be highly volatile, leading to significant short-term losses.  
&#33000290460|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Stocks How to profit from trading stocks: dividend strategy
Financial instruments / Stocks: How to profit from trading stocks: dividend strategy
Financial instruments / Stocks:  This approach focuses on stocks that pay regular dividends, providing a steady stream of income. Here's a comprehensive guide on how to profit from trading stocks using a dividend strategy.     Understanding dividends     Dividends are payments made by a corporation to its shareholders, usually derived from profits. Companies that consistently generate profits often pay dividends as a reward to their shareholders. For investors, dividends represent a reliable income stream, especially important during market volatility.          The benefits of a dividend strategy     1. Steady income: Dividends provide a regular income, which can be especially valuable for retirees or those seeking to supplement their income.  2. Potential for capital appreciation: While the primary focus is on income, dividend-paying stocks can also appreciate in value.  3. Reinvestment opportunities: Reinvesting dividends can accelerate portfolio growth by purchasing additional shares.  4. Lower risk: Companies that pay dividends are often financially stable, reducing the overall risk of investment.     Steps to implement a dividend strategy     1. Identify dividend-paying stocks:   Look for companies with a history of paying and increasing dividends (e.g. General Mills, Inc., Johnson Controls Inc., etc.)   Focus on industries known for stable dividends, such as utilities, consumer goods, and real estate investment trusts (REITs).   2. Evaluate dividend yield:   Dividend yield is calculated as the annual dividend payment divided by the stock's price.  Aim for a balance; extremely high yields can be unsustainable, while moderate yields from solid companies are preferable.   3. Assess dividend growth:   Consistent dividend growth indicates a company's strong financial health.  Historical data on dividend increases can provide insights into future performance.   4. Analyze financial health:   Review the company’s earnings, payout ratio (the proportion of earnings paid out as dividends), and debt levels.  A lower payout ratio suggests the company retains earnings for growth and is less likely to cut dividends during downturns.   5. Diversify your portfolio:   Spread investments across different sectors to mitigate risk.  Include a mix of high-yield and dividend growth stocks for balanced returns.   6. Monitor and adjust:   Regularly review your portfolio to ensure the companies continue to meet your criteria.  Be prepared to sell stocks if their financial health deteriorates or if they cut dividends.   Read about dividends process on StocksTrader here.  
&#33000290465|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Stocks What is the difference between stocks and shares?
Financial instruments / Stocks: What is the difference between stocks and shares?
Financial instruments / Stocks:  In the context of investing, the terms "stocks" and "shares" have a similar meaning, and are often used interchangeably, particularly in American English.      The difference is that "stocks" appear to be a more general term referring to the piece of ownership in a company or several companies. On the other hand, "shares" mean the same thing, but it is mostly used to describe ownership in a particular company.   For example:    I invest in stocks.   I invest in Apple shares.    While these terms can be used as synonyms in a standard description of financial markets, be aware that they have more distinctive meanings in some countries and languages. 
&#33000290492|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / ETFs Where can I find an ETF screener?
Financial instruments / ETFs: Where can I find an ETF screener?
Financial instruments / ETFs:  Find the list of ETFs ( ETF screener) presented on StocksTrader here - https://etfdb.com/.      You can also access contract specifications using the search function on the web platform. It is marked with a magnifying glass icon. You can filter the instruments by countries and type.         
&#33000290424|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / ETFs What is ETF trading?
Financial instruments / ETFs: What is ETF trading?
Financial instruments / ETFs:  ETFs, or exchange-traded funds, are financial instruments that allow traders to manage a variety of assets—such as stocks, bonds, commodities, and other securities—from the convenience of their accounts. Each ETF consists of a pool of assets that are bought and sold as a single stock.  When purchasing an ETF share, investors gain proportional ownership in a basket of assets, effectively investing in an entire segment of the market. This structure makes ETFs a popular tool for portfolio diversification. The ETF market is rapidly expanding, with annual growth rates projected between 15% and 30%, offering traders more opportunities to access various market sectors.  Here are 10 of the most popular U.S.-listed ETFs, highlighting the diversity and flexibility of this investment option:   SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY): Tracks the S&P 500 Index, giving exposure to 500 leading U.S. companies.  iShares Core S&P 500 ETF (IVV): Another S&P 500 tracker, renowned for its low expense ratio.  Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (VTI): Covers the entire U.S. equity market, including small-, mid-, and large-cap stocks.  Invesco QQQ Trust (QQQ): Tracks the Nasdaq-100 Index, focusing on the largest non-financial companies listed on the Nasdaq.  Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO): Offers S&P 500 exposure with one of the lowest management fees in its class.  iShares Russell 2000 ETF (IWM): Represents small-cap U.S. companies by following the Russell 2000 Index.  Vanguard Total International Stock ETF (VXUS): Provides access to international equities outside the U.S. market.  iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF (EEM): Focuses on stocks from fast-growing emerging markets.  Vanguard FTSE Developed Markets ETF (VEA): Targets developed markets outside the U.S., including Europe, Japan, and Canada.  SPDR Gold Shares (GLD): Tracks the price of gold bullion, offering a way to invest in gold as a commodity.   These ETFs represent a wide range of investment options, from U.S. equities to international markets and even commodities like gold. Whether you’re looking to focus on a specific sector or diversify globally, ETFs provide a cost-effective and efficient way to achieve your goals.  It’s important to remember that ETFs come with management fees, covering administrative and operational costs. While these fees are generally lower than those of actively managed funds, they can slightly reduce overall returns. Despite this, ETFs remain one of the most versatile and accessible investment tools available. 
&#33000290495|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / ETFs ETFs available for retail clients on RoboMarkets
Financial instruments / ETFs: ETFs available for retail clients on RoboMarkets
Financial instruments / ETFs:  Retail clients on RoboMarkets have access to a wide selection of UCITS ETFs listed on major European exchanges. These instruments cover a variety of global equity indices, regions, sectors, and investment strategies — all within the regulatory framework of UCITS.  Below is a list of ETFs available for trading on the RoboMarkets platform. All of these ETFs are UCITS-compliant and traded on regulated European exchanges such as the London Stock Exchange (XLON), Xetra (XETR), Euronext Paris (XPAR), and Euronext Amsterdam (XAMS).  They offer clients diversified access to key global markets through reliable and transparent instruments.    Ticker    Name    Exchange    IUSA.L.XLON    iShares Core S&P 500 UCITS USD Dist    London Stock Exchange    VUSA.L.XLON    Vanguard S&P 500 UCITS    London Stock Exchange    VUKE.L.XLON    Vanguard FTSE 100 UCITS    London Stock Exchange    VMID.L.XLON    Vanguard FTSE 250 UCITS    London Stock Exchange    SWDA.L.XLON    iShares Core MSCI World UCITS    London Stock Exchange    SUAS.L.XLON    iShares MSCI USA SRI UCITS    London Stock Exchange    SPXS.L.XLON    Invesco S&P 500 UCITS    London Stock Exchange    SJPA.L.XLON    iShares Core MSCI Japan IMI UCITS    London Stock Exchange    MIDD.L.XLON    iShares FTSE 250 UCITS    London Stock Exchange    IWVL.L.XLON    iShares Edge MSCI World Value Factor UCITS    London Stock Exchange    IWQU.L.XLON    iShares Edge MSCI World Quality Factor UCITS    London Stock Exchange    IWDA.L.XLON    iShares Core MSCI World UCITS    London Stock Exchange    IUHC.L.XLON    iShares S&P 500 Health Care Sector UCITS    London Stock Exchange    IMEU.L.XLON    iShares Core MSCI Europe UCITS    London Stock Exchange    IJPA.L.XLON    iShares Core MSCI Japan IMI UCITS    London Stock Exchange    ICOM.L.XLON    iShares Diversified Commodity Swap UCITS    London Stock Exchange    EMIM.L.XLON    iShares Core MSCI EM IMI UCITS    London Stock Exchange    VUSD.L.XLON    Vanguard S&P 500 UCITS    London Stock Exchange    CSPX.L.XLON    iShares Core S&P 500 UCITS    London Stock Exchange    IS3S.D.XETR    iShares Edge MSCI World Value Factor UCITS    Xetra (Germany)    EXW1.D.XETR    iShares Core Euro Stoxx 50 UCITS DE    Xetra (Germany)    MSE.P.XPAR    Lyxor Euro Stoxx 50 DR UCITS    Euronext Paris (France)    IMEU.A.XAMS    iShares MSCI Europe UCITS EUR Dist    Euronext Amsterdam       Please note: ETFs traded on US exchanges such as NYSE, NASDAQ, CBOE, and ARCA are not available to retail clients on RoboMarkets. For example, SPY — a popular ETF tracking the S&P 500 index — is not accessible to retail clients. However, several UCITS-compliant alternatives are available:   VUSA.L.XLON – Vanguard S&P 500 UCITS  SPXS.L.XLON – Invesco S&P 500 UCITS  VUSD.L.XLON – Vanguard S&P 500 UCITS  
&#33000293680|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Fractional stock trading services What are fractional shares
Financial instruments / Fractional stock trading services: What are fractional shares
Financial instruments / Fractional stock trading services:  A fractional share is a normal share broken down into several parts. There are several reasons for and goals of such a split and one of them is to give small investors an opportunity to buy a share in the company, driving more money into the company.  Advantages of fractional shares   They give beginners a chance to master investing with a small capital without leverage.  Investors learn money management with minimal risks. A beginner gets the chance to compose their investment portfolios of assets from different sectors and spheres of the economy and balance out the price of the share by the volume of the position they open.  Risks are diversified, which means you do not invest all your money in one company.  You can invest equal sums in different instruments. You can spread equal portions of your capital over a sphere you are interested in regardless of the price of the shares; in other words, you buy parts of shares for the same sum, regardless of their market price.  You receive dividends and rewards the same way as with normal shares. You get a proportional sum of dividends to the shares you own, and fractional shares are no exception. There are exceptions when the part of the share is smaller than the minimal currency unit (a cent or a kopeck).  
&#33000290440|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Fractional stock trading services How to trade fractional shares
Financial instruments / Fractional stock trading services: How to trade fractional shares
Financial instruments / Fractional stock trading services:  There is nothing supernatural in trading fractional shares. The quotations are the same as with a normal share, and you can use any trading strategy.     For example, a client can buy 1.5 of an Apple share. Meanwhile, the minimum volume of shares to buy remains the same – 1 share.     The minimum size of one step is 0.01 of the stock's volume. Note that minimum purchase amount is 1 share.              The pricing and receipt of dividends for fractional shares are similar to full shares, and dividends are paid in proportion to the amount of shares purchased.     
&#33000290441|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Fractional stock trading services Fractional vs whole share: a comparative analysis
Financial instruments / Fractional stock trading services: Fractional vs whole share: a comparative analysis
Financial instruments / Fractional stock trading services:     Fractional share   Whole share   Dividends   Following a corporate event, dividends or interest are paid proportionally to the percentage represented by the proprietary right held by the client in the share. This means that the client investing in fractional shares has the same financial benefits as the owner of whole shares but on a proportionate basis.   Dividends or interest, following a corporate event, are paid per share.   Corporate actions   Corporate actions (e.g. splits, rights issues) are treated same way either for whole or fractional shares.   Price   There is no difference in price or costs of buying a fractional or a whole share.   Client protection   We apply the same rules for the testing of clients' appropriateness, best execution, protection of assets, and handling complaints – treating all clients in the same way, regardless if they invest in fractional or whole shares.   Decimals   The amounts of fractional shares have a 0.01 discretion.   Risks   Fractional shares carry the same exposure to risks as whole shares, such as market and Issuer risks.   
&#33000290442|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Financial instruments (Assets to trade on StocksTrader) / Indices What is indices trading?
Financial instruments / Indices: What is indices trading?
Financial instruments / Indices:  Indices trading involves buying and selling stock market indices, which are financial instruments representing the performance of a group of stocks. An index tracks the collective price movements of these stocks, offering a snapshot of a particular market segment or the broader market. Examples of well-known indices include the S&P 500, Dow Jones Industrial Average, and NASDAQ Composite.  On the StocksTrader platform, you can access a variety of indices for trading, each representing different global markets:   Aus200: Tracks the top 200 companies listed on the Australian Securities Exchange, providing insights into the Australian economy.  Fra40: Represents 40 of the largest companies in France, reflecting the performance of the French stock market.  Ger40: Also known as DAX40, this index comprises the 40 largest German companies traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.  JPY225: The Nikkei 225 Index, a benchmark for the Japanese stock market, includes 225 top-performing companies on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.  NAS100: Tracks the performance of the largest non-financial companies listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange, often technology-focused.  SPA35: The IBEX 35 index includes 35 of the most liquid Spanish companies traded on the Madrid Stock Exchange.  SWI20: Known as the Swiss Market Index (SMI), this index covers 20 of the largest and most liquid companies in Switzerland.  UK100: The FTSE 100 index consists of the top 100 companies listed on the London Stock Exchange, reflecting the U.K. market.  US30: Also called the Dow Jones Industrial Average, this index includes 30 large publicly traded U.S. companies.  US500: The S&P 500 index, which tracks 500 of the largest companies in the U.S., offering a broad view of the U.S. economy.   Benefits of indices trading  Trading indices offers a range of advantages, making them a popular choice for both novice and experienced traders:   Leverage: Trade indices using a fraction of the total position value, allowing you to amplify potential gains (while also increasing risks).  Short Selling: Profit from falling markets by shorting indices, providing opportunities in both upward and downward trends.  Diverse Market Access: Access a wide variety of global markets, including U.S., European, and Asian indices, to diversify your trading portfolio.  Low Capital Requirement: Enter the market with lower initial capital compared to buying all individual stocks included in the index.  Dividends: Earn dividends when holding positions in indices that include dividend-paying stocks, adding an additional income stream to your investments.   Indices trading allows traders to speculate on the performance of entire market sectors or economies with simplicity and flexibility, making it a valuable tool for building diversified strategies. With StocksTrader, you can take advantage of a wide selection of indices and benefits to enhance your trading experience. 
&#33000290494|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Initial settings How to manage and open new accounts in the app
StocksTrader app / Initial settings: How to manage and open new accounts in the app
StocksTrader app / Initial settings:  To manage your accounts directly in the app, go to More > Accounts > Manage accounts. There, you’ll see all your current demo and real accounts.          Switch between accounts by tapping on the one you want to use. Tap on the three dots in the upper-right corner to rename or hide any of these accounts. Tap on "Show hidden" to see all hidden accounts.           To open a new demo account, tap the icon in the upper-right corner of the screen. Then tap Create demo account to complete this process.          To open a new real account:     1. Go to More > Accounts > Open an account.  2. Or go to More > Accounts > Manage accounts > Open real account.     In both cases, you will be asked to choose a position accounting model (netting or hedging), currency, and leverage. You can also enter an affiliate code if you have one.           To withdraw or transfer funds from a real account, activate it and tap the corresponding buttons. You’ll be redirected to your Members Area to proceed.          You can also switch to an existing real account or create a new one directly from the Home tab. Tap the wallet icon in the upper-right corner of the screen, then choose "Change account" or "Open an account."           
&#33000291615|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Initial settings How to change language in the app
StocksTrader app / Initial settings: How to change language in the app
StocksTrader app / Initial settings:  To change the language, go to More > Settings > Language. Choose from 21 languages to navigate the app.       
&#33000291627|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Initial settings How to pass verification in the app
StocksTrader app / Initial settings: How to pass verification in the app
StocksTrader app / Initial settings:  To pass verification in the app you need to go to More > Profile > Personal data verification. You will be redirected to your Members Area to proceed.               Feel free to visit our Verification FAQs for answers to common questions. 
&#33000291638|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Trading & Instruments How to find financial instruments in the app
StocksTrader app / Trading & Instruments: How to find financial instruments in the app
StocksTrader app / Trading & Instruments:  First, locate the "Search" field on the Home tab (it is marked with a magnifying glass icon). By tapping on it, you'll see a tab displaying the most popular instruments and your search history.           In the search field, you can search by:      1. Ticker or company name   2. Using filters (by category, by country, or by instruments available for CopyFX)          You can also scroll down on the Home tab to find suitable instruments among popular watchlists, such as "Best of the Year," "US Market Movers," "Popular Today," and more. 
&#33000291697|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Trading & Instruments How to open new position in the app
StocksTrader app / Trading & Instruments: How to open new position in the app
StocksTrader app / Trading & Instruments:  To open a new position (sell or buy), open the instrument you are interested in. Learn how to find the instrument here. Tap on "Open New Position."              Keep in mind that you can place Limit or Stop orders 24/7, but Market orders cannot be placed outside trading hours.          To place an order, you need to specify the order price (for Limit and Stop orders only) and volume. The order margin is calculated automatically based on the volume and the current asset price. The order margin is the amount of funds you need to have in your account to open and maintain a specific position (if you are trading from a margin account).    Additionally, you can set Take Profit and/or Stop Loss orders and specify an Expiration time (for Limit and Stop orders only).     Expiration time availability:    Good Till Cancelled - Order will be valid immediately after setting until cancelled.   Day Order - Order will remain until the end of trading day, in which case it will be cancelled if not triggered.   End of Week - Order will be valid till the end of the week, which is Friday.   End of Month - Order will be valid till the last Business day of the month.   Select Date and Time - Personal Preference of chosen validity.                The order form calculates and displays the cost of a deal based on order volume and price, adjusting for buy/sell direction and the selected trading instrument. Tap the "i" icon to view the applied markup and daily interest in the account currency.          Place the order (sell or buy) and tap "Confirm". Go to orders to see all your orders.         
&#33000291757|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Trading & Instruments Positions, Orders, and History in the app
StocksTrader app / Trading & Instruments: Positions, Orders, and History in the app
StocksTrader app / Trading & Instruments:  To view Positions, Orders, and History, go to the Portfolio tab.     In Positions, you'll first see information on Balance, Equity, and Unrealised P/L. Tap on these to view Margin, Free margin, and Margin level. You can read more about each definition here. Below this, you'll find all your open positions. You can group your positions by time, instrument, side, volume, open price, net, cost, and interest.          In Orders, you'll see all filled orders. These can be grouped by instrument, time, side, type, volume, status, and order price.        In History, you'll find details on Realised P/L, Deposit/Withdraw, and Cash Correction. Additionally, it includes information on received dividends and tax corrections. You can group this information by time, net, and instrument. You can also choose a specific period (all history, today, this week, this month, or a custom period).             
&#33000291768|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Trading & Instruments How to find contract specifications
StocksTrader app / Trading & Instruments: How to find contract specifications
StocksTrader app / Trading & Instruments:  Open the financial instrument you are looking for. Tap on "Open new position" and navigate to "Details".             Read this article to learn more about all the definitions in "Contract specifications". 
&#33000291769|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Watchlists & Charts How to manage watchlists in the app
StocksTrader app / Watchlists & Charts: How to manage watchlists in the app
StocksTrader app / Watchlists & Charts:  Watchlists help clients track and organize assets in real time, focusing on the instruments that matter most to them. By setting up custom watchlists, clients can easily monitor trends, compare market movements, and access top-performing sectors or specific assets like ETFs and commodities—streamlining decision-making and enhancing portfolio management.     To find the Watchlists in StocksTrader app, go to the "More" tab and select Services > Watchlists. Tap the menu to view all watchlists, including Custom Watchlists, Top Gainers, Top Losers, Market Movers, Watchlist by Sector, ETF, Invest in Gold, and more. Most watchlists are also available in the "Home" tab of the app.           To create your own custom watchlist, tap on "+", enter a name for the watchlist, and tap "Create".          To add specific instruments to your custom watchlist, use Search and apply filters if needed:   By Type: Currencies, Stocks, Futures, Metals, ETFs, Indices, Oil  By Country  By Instruments Allowed for CopyFX   You can also choose instruments from the "Most Popular" and "History" lists.          Open any custom watchlist. Tap the magnifying glass icon to open the menu and add new instruments to the list. Tap the filter icon to sort the list by name or edit it — remove instruments or change their order manually using drag and drop.               
&#33000291533|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Watchlists & Charts Charts in the app
StocksTrader app / Watchlists & Charts: Charts in the app
StocksTrader app / Watchlists & Charts:  Open a financial instrument to start exploring the chart. Use the Crosshair tool (the first icon in the upper-right corner) to select a specific date. In the lower-left corner of the screen, you can see the following information:   Date  Open: the opening price for the trading session  High: the highest price for the trading session  Low: the lowest price for the trading session  Close: the closing price for the trading session  Volume: the trading volume for this trading session         Use the Timeframe tool (the second icon in the upper-right corner) to choose a timeframe for analysis (1 minute, 5 minutes, 30 minutes, 1 hour, 4 hours, 1 day, 1 week, or 1 month).           Use the Chart type tool (the third icon in the upper-right corner) to switch between candlesticks, bars, lines, areas, or Heikin-Ashi.           Tap the fourth icon in the upper-right corner to add a technical indicator to the chart. Use the search field to find the desired indicator, or browse through the list below.           To edit a technical indicator, tap the filters icon next to the indicator's title.             
&#33000291819|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Market insights News in the app
StocksTrader app / Market insights: News in the app
StocksTrader app / Market insights:  Staying informed about the latest news related to specific financial instruments is crucial for making informed trading decisions in the stock markets. With our feature, you can access relevant news directly within the instrument cards. This allows you to quickly assess how market events, economic developments, or company-specific news might impact your investments, enabling you to react swiftly and strategically. By staying up-to-date with real-time information, you can better manage risks, seize opportunities, and enhance your overall trading performance.     Types of news in the app   Latest general news, company press releases, and global financial market coverage (sources include Reuters, Bloomberg, Forbes, Financial Times, BBC, Barchart, etc.).  Quarterly, annual, and other mandatory regulatory/SEC reports for publicly traded companies. Our clients can download these reports in PDF format directly from the app. To learn more about the types of SEC filings available in the StocksTrader app and their importance for investors, read this article.        How to find the news     1. Find the financial instrument in the "Search" field.        2. Tap "Open new position".           3. Tap on "News".          
&#33000290444|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Market insights Corporate events in the app
StocksTrader app / Market insights: Corporate events in the app
StocksTrader app / Market insights:  To find the calendar for corporate events such as Dividends, Splits, and Earnings, tap "More" >> "Corporate Events." Then, choose Splits, Dividends, or Earnings.            For Dividends, you can see information about the instrument, the amount, and the ex-date (the ex-dividend date that determines whether the buyer of a stock will be entitled to receive its upcoming dividend).            For Splits, information about the instrument, the ratio (e.g., 1:5 is an example of a stock split; 5:1 is an example of a reverse stock split), and the split date are available.           For Earnings, information about the instrument and the date of the report are provided.             Filters     1. Group events by the most recent or most distant dates.            2. Filter all events by dates, countries, and financial instruments.                Corporate events on the chart     You can view all past and upcoming dates for Dividends, Splits, and Earnings at the bottom of the charts in the app.           
&#33000290560|help.stockstrader.com&#

# StocksTrader app (Comprehensive guides) / Market insights Understanding SEC Filings: a guide to key reports for investors
StocksTrader app / Market insights: Understanding SEC Filings: a guide to key reports for investors
StocksTrader app / Market insights:  SEC filings are vital documents that public companies, brokers, and some insiders are required to submit to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports include financial statements, periodic updates, and other important information intended to prevent fraud and market manipulation. The SEC ensures these filings are accurate and compliant with regulations. For new investors, understanding these filings is crucial for making informed decisions. You can access these documents in PDF format under the "News" section of the StocksTrader app. This article breaks down the different types of SEC filings and their significance.     1. Form 10-K: An in-depth annual report     It's an extensive annual report that companies must file with the SEC, offering a detailed summary of their yearly performance. This report goes beyond the annual summary provided to shareholders and includes comprehensive details about the company’s history, organizational structure, equity, subsidiaries, and audited financial statements. It must be filed within 90 days after the end of the company’s fiscal year.             The Form 10-K is organized into four main sections:     Part I: Provides a broad overview of the company’s operations, potential risks, ongoing legal issues, and any unresolved comments from the SEC. It also covers regulatory issues such as mine safety violations if relevant.  Part II: Contains five years of financial data, audited statements, and management’s discussion about financial performance and operations.  Part III: Details information about company directors, executive officers, compensation, corporate governance, major shareholders, and related transactions, as well as auditor fees.  Part IV: Lists financial statements, schedules, and exhibits, including material contracts and organizational documents, and includes certifications from top executives affirming the accuracy of the report.     Why Form 10-K is valuable for investors      Form 10-K is essential because it provides a thorough look at a company’s financial health and operations over the past year. Unlike the annual report sent to shareholders, the 10-K includes detailed financial data and management insights necessary for assessing a company's value. For investors, focusing on "Item 1," which covers the company's business and risks, and the footnotes can reveal important details about the company’s financial practices and any potential issues.     2. Form 10-Q: quarterly updates     Form 10-Q is a shorter, quarterly report that companies file with the SEC, providing an update on their financial performance for each quarter. It allows investors to see how the company is performing compared to previous quarters. Unlike the Form 10-K, the 10-Q includes unaudited financial statements and is less detailed.     The deadlines for filing Form 10-Q vary based on the size of the company:   Large accelerated filers: Companies with a public float of $700 million or more must file within 40 days after the quarter ends.  Accelerated filers: Companies with a float between $75 million and $699 million have 45 days to file.  Non-accelerated filers: Companies with a public float of less than $75 million also have 45 days for submission.   Public float, or free float, represents the shares of a company that are held by public investors rather than insiders, major shareholders, governments, or promoters. It includes only the common stock that is actively traded on the market. This metric helps investors gauge the availability of shares for trading, and it can influence the liquidity and volatility of the company's stock.     Why Form 10-Q is valuable for investors      Form 10-Q is useful for investors because it provides regular updates on a company’s financial status, allowing for more frequent assessments throughout the year. It highlights changes in key financial areas like working capital and inventory, helping investors track the company’s performance. By comparing these reports with those of similar companies, investors can better understand how a company stacks up against its peers.     3. Form 8-K: reporting key events     Form 8-K is used to report major, unexpected events that could affect a company's stock price or investor decisions. This form must be filed within four days of the event and includes information such as press releases and data tables. Prompt filing ensures that the details are available for review in upcoming quarterly reports.     Companies must file Form 8-K for significant events such as:   Resignation or appointment of executives  Bankruptcy or asset sales  Executive changes  Delisting from a stock exchange  Amendments to shareholder rights  Changes in the fiscal year  Updates to financial statements   Why Form 8-K is valuable for investors      It provides immediate updates on significant company events. This helps investors stay informed about changes that might affect their investments, such as mergers or executive shifts. The standardized format of Form 8-K ensures that investors receive clear and accurate information directly from the company.     4. Form S-1: initial public offering registration     Form S-1 is the document companies use to register with the SEC when they plan to go public through an initial public offering (IPO). This form includes the company’s prospectus, which provides crucial information for potential investors. It details how the company will use the funds raised, the number of shares to be offered, its business model, competitive landscape, pricing strategy, and potential risks.     Form S-1 has two main sections:   Prospectus: Contains comprehensive historical and financial information about the company and the shares being offered.  Optional section: May include details about unregistered securities and the company's financial statement schedule.   Why Form S-1 is valuable for investors      It offers a detailed look at a company's plans and financial health before it becomes publicly traded. Reviewing the prospectus helps investors evaluate the company's business strategy, financial stability, and risk factors. This transparency is crucial for making informed decisions about participating in an IPO.     5. Form S-4: corporate transactions     Form S-4 is used when companies undergo major transactions such as mergers, acquisitions, or exchange offers. This form provides detailed information about the transaction, including financial and operational impacts, which is key for evaluating the potential effects on the company.     Why Form S-4 is valuable for investors      It outlines significant corporate changes that can influence a company’s stock price and value. It helps investors assess the benefits and risks of transactions like mergers or acquisitions, ensuring they make well-informed decisions.     6. Form 11-K: employee stock plans     Form 11-K is filed annually under Section 15d of the SEC Act of 1934, specifically for Employee Stock Purchase, Savings, and Similar Plans. It is submitted alongside other annual reports and includes details about stock plan registrations, proxy solicitations, and audit requirements.     Why Form 11-K is valuable for investors      It provides detailed information about employee stock plans, which helps investors understand the financial and operational aspects of these programs. This information is important for evaluating the potential impact on shareholder value.     7. Schedule 13D: major shareholders     Schedule 13D, or the Beneficial Ownership Report, must be filed by anyone who acquires more than 5% of a company's publicly traded shares. This form reveals who the large shareholders are and their reasons for acquiring the shares.     Why Schedule 13D is valuable for investors      It provides insight into significant ownership changes and the intentions behind large share purchases. This helps investors understand potential influences on the company and make informed investment and voting decisions. 
&#33000290583|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Latest updates (StocksTrader news) / Platform interface StocksTrader: updated web terminal design
Latest updates / Platform interface: StocksTrader: updated web terminal design
Latest updates / Platform interface:  We’re excited to introduce the updated design of the StocksTrader web terminal! This update focuses on enhancing your experience with a refreshed interface and improved organization of features:  1. New look and feel: Enjoy a modern, intuitive interface for effortless navigation.          2. Streamlined access: Profile settings, verification, and other tools are now organized for maximum convenience.          3. Unified trading panel: Trade and analyze markets easily with real-time data and professional tools—all in one place.          4. Familiar features, improved layout: Tools like the Automated Strategy Builder, Corporate Events, and multi-account management are now easier to access, thanks to better organization.          5. Easy account management: Seamlessly switch between accounts, transfer funds, and open new real or demo accounts.          6. Personalized settings: Customize your experience with language preferences, API access, and secure login options in the revamped settings menu.          7. Get help and stay informed: Access Help Center, company news, live chat, and more in Help & Info for quick assistance.          This update doesn’t change the functionality you already know—it makes navigating the platform more user-friendly and visually appealing.  We invite you to explore the updated web terminal and experience the improved design firsthand. 
&#33000292031|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Latest updates (StocksTrader news) / Platform interface Updates to the order form in web terminal
Latest updates / Platform interface: Updates to the order form in web terminal
Latest updates / Platform interface:  We have made several changes to the order form to improve clarity and usability:   The "Commission" parameter has been removed from the "Info and quick actions" menu.  The "Commission" parameter has been renamed to "Cost" in the new order window.  Clicking on the icon now opens an information window displaying calculated parameters based on the selected trading instrument.        These updates ensure a more transparent and user-friendly trading experience. 
&#33000293000|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Latest updates (StocksTrader news) / Platform interface Updates to the order form and indicators in the mobile app and PWA
Latest updates / Platform interface: Updates to the order form and indicators in the mobile app and PWA
Latest updates / Platform interface:     We have introduced several improvements to enhance your trading experience in the mobile app and PWA:     1. Editing technical indicators: You can now modify technical indicators directly within the platform.          2. Enhanced order cost display: The order form now calculates and displays the cost of a deal based on order volume and price, adjusting for buy/sell direction and the selected trading instrument.           The cost is calculated when opening a new order window and is provided for informational purposes. Clicking on the icon opens a detailed information window with the following calculated parameters:             Additionally, the "Commission" parameter in the order window has been renamed to "Cost" for better clarity.        
&#33000293001|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Latest updates (StocksTrader news) / Trading conditions News update: markup details now added to contract specifications
Latest updates / Trading conditions: News update: markup details now added to contract specifications
Latest updates / Trading conditions:  We are excited to announce an important update to our trading platform: detailed information regarding applied markups has now been added to the contract specifications.  As always, you can open positions without paying any additional charges for order execution. Instead of charging separate commissions, our fees are seamlessly integrated into the market spread through a small markup.   To further enhance transparency, the exact markup applied to financial instrument can now be found directly in the contract specifications for the following categories:   US Stocks  CFD US Stocks  EU CFD Stocks  Indices (AUS20, SWI20, JPY225, UK100, FRA40, SPA35)   This update ensures that our clients have full visibility into the precise costs associated with financial instruments, providing a clearer picture of the applied markups.  Read more about applied markup in this article. 
&#33000290990|help.stockstrader.com&#

# Latest updates (StocksTrader news) / Trading conditions Lower markup for trading instruments
Latest updates / Trading conditions: Lower markup for trading instruments
Latest updates / Trading conditions:  We have reduced the markup for several trading instruments from 0.3% to 0.15%, making your trading more cost-effective. Read more about applied markup in the article "Understanding the trading model with markup on market spread".      This applies to:   US, EU, CH, and UK Stocks and CFDs on these stocks  ETFs and CFDs on ETFs  Indices (AUS200, SW120, JPY225, UK100, FRA40, SPA35)   Example:      Bayer AG (BAYN.D.XETR)   Current prices: Bid = 21.174 / Ask = 21.211  Spread: 0.037 EUR  New total markup: 0.032 EUR  Per-side markup: 0.016 EUR   Trade with lower costs and take full advantage of market opportunities. 
&#33000292999|help.stockstrader.com&#

